random random random test test test hello hello hello unknown unknown unknown train train train 
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cryptococcal pneumonia in an immunocompetent host
what abnormality is seen in the image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ectopic pregnancy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bone tumor/ chordoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? burst fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? triplanar fracture of the distal tibia
what is most alarming about this x - ray? salter - harris fractures, salter and harris
what is the primary abnormality in this image? persistent left svc
what is most alarming about this ct scan? circumaortic left renal vein
what is the primary abnormality in this image? epidermoid tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? splenic artery aneurysm
what is most alarming about this x - ray? congenital pulmonary vein stenosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mature cystic teratoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hyperdense middle cerebral artery sign
what abnormality is seen in the image? segmental omental infarct
what is abnormal in the ct scan? esophageal b - cell lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? ankylosing spondylitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? plantar fibromatosis
what is most alarming about this mri? hydranencephaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? invasive ductal carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? sarcoidosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? septo - optic dysplasia (demorsier syndrome)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? situs inversus totalis
what abnormality is seen in the image? sialolithiasis, obstructing sialolith
what is most alarming about this ct scan? passive hepatic congestion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? non - small cell lung cancer
what is abnormal in the mammograph? gynecomastia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adenocarcinoma of the esophagus
what is most alarming about this mri? developmental venous anomaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? cystic hygroma (turner's syndrome)
what abnormality is seen in the image? spine, epidural abscess
what is abnormal in the mri? imaging in traumatic brain injury
what abnormality is seen in the image? hilar cholangiocarcinoma (klatskin tumor)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diverticulitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arnold - chiari malformations
what is the primary abnormality in this image? greater occipital nerve entrapment
what is abnormal in the mri? arachnoid cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? adrenal myelolipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal angiomyolipoma
what is abnormal in the mammograph? infiltrating ductal carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? achondroplasia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? acute dural venous sinus thrombosis (dvst), secondary temporal lobe venous hemorrhagic infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? right sided aortic arch with aberrant left subclavian artery
what is the primary abnormality in this image? odontogenic keratocyst of the mandible
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteopenia, osteoporosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? non - hodgkin's lymphoma  -  b - cell lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? lemierre's syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? fat embolism
what is most alarming about this ct scan? skull fracture from cell phone
what is abnormal in the ct scan? abpa (allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis)
what abnormality is seen in the image? importance of recognizing vascular anatomy in chemoembolization
what is most alarming about this ct scan? benign orbital calcifications
what abnormality is seen in the image? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what is most alarming about this mri? dural sinus thrombosis
what is most alarming about this nuclear medicine image? subacute painless thyroiditis with transient hyperthyroidism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst with extension through third ventricle into lateral ventricle
what is most alarming about this ct scan? wilms tumor, stage iv
what is most alarming about this mri? arachnoid cyst associated, spontaneous subdural hematoma
what is most alarming about this mri? dermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? brain abscess, central nervous system
what abnormality is seen in the image? adrenal adenoma
what is most alarming about this mri? neurofibromatosis type 1 with hypothalmic and chiasmatic glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what is the primary abnormality in this image? nasopharyngeal carcinoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? congenital pseudoarthrosis of the clavicle
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pericardial effusion following open heart surgery
what is abnormal in the ct scan? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? gray matter heterotopia, focal type
what abnormality is seen in the image? orbital retrobulbar dermoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? otosclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteoid osteoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? craniopharyngioma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? squamous cell lung cancer
what is the primary abnormality in this image? colon cancer
what is most alarming about this ct scan? portal venous thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? plantaris tendon tear
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diverticulitis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? patients a and b:  acute retroperitoneal hematoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? gastroschisis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? crohn's disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? choroid plexus cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? guillain - barre syndrome
what is abnormal in the ct scan? liver hemangioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spontaneous thoracic esophageal perforation (boerhaave's syndrome)
what abnormality is seen in the image? azygous lobe
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebral venous thrombosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? epiploic appendigitis.
what is abnormal in the ct scan? epidermoid brain tumor (epidermoid inclusion cyst)
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma, multiple
what abnormality is seen in the image? sporadic burkitt's lymphoma (diffuse small noncleaved cell lymphoma)
what abnormality is seen in the image? ruptured aortic aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? umbilical venous catheter
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spongioform encephalopathy, presumed variant creutzfeldt - jakob disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pheochromocytoma, bilateral
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hodgkin's lymphoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? azygous lobe
what is abnormal in the mri? anaplastic ependymoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? nodular sclerosing hodgkin’s lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? craniosynostosis; scaphocephaly
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? ovarian hernia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lung adenocarcinoma and cns metastasis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? hydrocephalus secondary to intraventricular hemorrhage.  periventricular leukomalacia
what is most alarming about this ct scan? imaging in traumatic brain injury
what is abnormal in the ct scan? femoroacetabular impingement (fai)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? otosclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? hepatic congestion secondary to congestive heart failure
what is most alarming about this mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what abnormality is seen in the image? paranasal sinus mucocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? achilles’ - tendon xanthoma in familial hypercholesterolemia
what is most alarming about this mri? metastatic bronchogenic carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? moya - moya
what is most alarming about this mri? epidural spinal hematoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this mri? neurocytoma, central neurocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? psoriatic arthritis
what is abnormal in the mri? paradoxic embolization, patent foramen ovale, cerebral infarction
what is abnormal in the mri? quadriceps tendon rupture
what abnormality is seen in the image? twinkle artifact
what abnormality is seen in the image? bilateral cavernous sinus metastatic lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? scimitar syndrome in infant
what is the primary abnormality in this image? non - hodgkin's lymphoma  -  b - cell lymphoma
what is most alarming about this mri? vestibular schwannoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mature cystic teratoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? morton's neuroma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? emphysematous cholecystitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pulmonary arteriovenous malformation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hepatoblastoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? congenital carpal fusion
does this image look normal? no
what abnormality is seen in the image? burkitt's lymphoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? ankylosing spondylitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tuberous sclerosis (bourneville disease)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ovarian vein thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? epidermoid tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? superficial siderosis of the cns meninges
what is abnormal in the ct scan? subcapsular hematoma of liver
what abnormality is seen in the image? craniosynostosis coronal suture
what abnormality is seen in the image? acromioclavicular joint separation (grade iii)
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal dural arteriovenous fistula
what is most alarming about this ct scan? tuberous sclerosis complex (tsc)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? gastrointestinal stromal tumor (gist)
what is most alarming about this mri? aminoaciduria
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? osteomyelitis
what is most alarming about this mri? schwannoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? anaplastic astrocytoma, grade iii, grade 3
what is the primary abnormality in this image? nonossifying fibroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lemierre’s syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda
what abnormality is seen in the image? shingles, varicella zoster, chicken pox
what is abnormal in the mri? hypothalamic glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the angiogram? angiomyolipoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hepatic abscess
what is most alarming about this x - ray? rickets
what abnormality is seen in the image? cryptococcus, cryptococcoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hepatoblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? celiac, abdominal aorta, & common iliac aneurysms
what is most alarming about this mri? acute myelogenous leukemia, aml
what is abnormal in the mri? leptomeningeal sarcoid
what abnormality is seen in the image? adult medulloblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? neurosarcoid, cns sarcoid
what is abnormal in the ct scan? colloid cyst, mr and ct characteristics
what abnormality is seen in the image? spontaneous pneumomediastinum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? schwannoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? traumatic carotid - cavernous fistula
what abnormality is seen in the image? sheehan's syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral aneurysm
what is abnormal in the angiogram? median arcuate ligament syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? abscess, pyogenic
what is abnormal in the ct scan? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? coarctation of the aorta
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pericardial effusion with tamponade
what abnormality is seen in the image? ureteral stone, perinephric fluid
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemiazygous and azygous continuation of the inferior vena cava
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pituitary microadenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fractures of the base of the fifth metatarsal
what is most alarming about this mri? central pontine myelinolysis (cpm) (osmotic myelinolysis)
what is abnormal in the mri? venous infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? dermoid cyst, nasofrontal with remnant tract to skin surface.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? non - small cell lung cancer
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diffuse cerebral edema  -  mimic of sah
what is most alarming about this ct scan? bilateral carotid body tumors
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diverticulitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bucket handle meniscal tear of the knee
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diffuse cerebral edema, swelling
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fibrosarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal cord lipoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? esophageal b - cell lymphoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? liver hemangioma
is the mri normal? no
what is most alarming about this mri? rathke cleft cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? angiosarcoma
is the mri normal? no
what is most alarming about this mri? neurofibromatosis - 1, nf1, nf - 1
what abnormality is seen in the image? diffuse esophageal spasm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteosarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? myxopapillary ependymoma.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? focal nodular hyperplasia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spigelian hernia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? poorly differentiated non - small cell lung carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? thromboembolic stroke
what is abnormal in the mri? cystic meningioma, atypical
what is most alarming about this ct scan? crossed fused ectopia
what is most alarming about this mri? dural sinus thrombosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? supracondylar fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? splenosis
what is most alarming about this mammograph? invasive lobular carcinoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? cleidocranial dysostosis/dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? achalasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? adenocarcinoma of the esophagus
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute cerebral infarction, value of noncontrast ct
what is abnormal in the ct scan? c - spine fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? endometrial atrophy with polyp
what is the primary abnormality in this image? schwannoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? persistent left svc
what is abnormal in the ct scan? skull cap in anterior abdominal wall
what abnormality is seen in the image? dieulafoy's lesion:  an angiographic finding of a gastric avm
what is abnormal in the angiogram? meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? schizencephaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? non - hodgkin’s lymphoma, staging  stage i nhl
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chiari 3 malformation cervical - occipital encephalocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? duplicated renal collecting system
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? emphysematous cholecystitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? bacterial pneumonia
what abnormality is seen in the image? agenesis of the corpus callosum heterotopic subependymal grey matter
what is abnormal in the mri? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is abnormal in the mri? leigh's disease (subacute necrotizing encephalopathy).
what is most alarming about this ct scan? histoplasmosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? postcatheterization pseudoaneurysm
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute dural venous sinus thrombosis (dvst), secondary temporal lobe venous hemorrhagic infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? metastatic disease from colonic carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? metastatic bronchogenic carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? basilar artery thrombosis, cerebral infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bicuspid aortic valve
what is most alarming about this ct scan? kyphoplasty cement leak
what abnormality is seen in the image? colon adenocarcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? schwannoma
what is abnormal in the mri? vasculitis, vasculitides
what abnormality is seen in the image? acromioclavicular joint separation (grade iii)
what abnormality is seen in the image? dermoid cyst (cystic teratoma)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancer
what is the primary abnormality in this image? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this ct scan? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pleomorphic adenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? aberrant right subclavian artery (arsa)
what abnormality is seen in the image? hematometrocolpos
what abnormality is seen in the image? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute pediatric osteomyelitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? chordoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? neurosarcoid, cns sarcoid
what is most alarming about this x - ray? calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate (cppd) crystal deposition disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? t - 99m hdp and subacute osteomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? facial trauma s/p mva
what is abnormal in the x - ray? ballistic fragment in the psoas muscle
what is most alarming about this mri? vestibular schwannoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? visual fields, differential diagnosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? round atelectasis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? embryonal carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? femoral pseudoaneurysms
what is abnormal in the mri? tuberous sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? early onset breast cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? paradoxic embolization, patent foramen ovale, cerebral infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pancreatic carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? testicular microlithiasis
what abnormality is seen in the image? herpes encephalitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumatocele
what is abnormal in the mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? fibrous dysplasia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? abdominal abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? blount's disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? epidermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? ankylosing spondylitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? multiple c1 fractures
what abnormality is seen in the image? ventriculus terminalis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? orbital cellulitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? talocalcaneal coalition
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? choroid plexus papilloma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? toxoplasmosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? blowout fracture of orbit
what is abnormal in the x - ray? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what abnormality is seen in the image? venous infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? trigeminal schwannoma (cn v)
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme and gliomatosis cerebri
what is abnormal in the x - ray? transscaphoid - transtriquetrial perilunate fracture dislocation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? subcutaneous abscess
what is abnormal in the ct scan? ankylosing spondylitis
what is most alarming about this mri? low grade diffuse astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? sturge weber syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vertical shear or malgaigne fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? pheochromocytoma, bilateral
what is abnormal in the mri? acute bilateral subdural hematomas, convexity, interhemispheric, tentorial
what is most alarming about this x - ray? midgut malrotation
what is most alarming about this mri? giant cell tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? congital absence of the internal carotid artery
what is the primary abnormality in this image? graft - versus - host disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? papillary carcinoma of the thyroid
what abnormality is seen in the image? anterior dislocation right shoulder
what is abnormal in the ct scan? bilateral locked facets
what is most alarming about this x - ray? avascular necrosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? subependymoma, lateral ventricle
what is the primary abnormality in this image? choroid plexus cysts.  patient a:  normal fetus.  patient b:  trisomy 18
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cavernous hemangioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? gastric diverticula
what is abnormal in the mri? schizencephaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor (mpnst)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cryptorchidism
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? cholelithiasis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? pilocytic astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? posterior inferior cerebellar artery infarct
what is abnormal in the ct scan? killian - jamieson diverticulum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebellar astrocytoma (pilocytic astrocytoma)
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mondini syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? adult medulloblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? acl tear
what abnormality is seen in the image? pyopneumothorax
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? pyonephrosis
what is abnormal in the angiogram? coil embolization of a dialysis fistula
what is the primary abnormality in this image? segond fracture with asssociated anterior cruciate ligament tear
what abnormality is seen in the image? supra - renal inferior vena cava clot
what is most alarming about this x - ray? chondrocalcinosis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? rickets due to renal failure
what is most alarming about this ct scan? focal nodular hyperplasia
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hepatocellular carcinoma and bone metastasis.
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mucus rentention cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? functional immaturity of the colon  -  small left colon syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? arachnoid cyst
what is abnormal in the x - ray? osteogenesis imperfecta
what is the primary abnormality in this image? childhood brain tumors, epidemiology, demographics
what is most alarming about this mri? intracranial lipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? aneurysmal dilation of the vein of galen secondary to av fistulae (vein of galen aneurysm)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? gout
what is most alarming about this mammograph? reduction mammoplasty
what is the primary abnormality in this image? usuhs faculty senate, education committee, 2010 - 2011
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteiitis condensans ilii
what is abnormal in the ct scan? midgut malrotation
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? seminoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple hereditary exostosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumors (dnet)
what abnormality is seen in the image? subdural empyema
what is most alarming about this mri? ganglioglioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ankylosing spondylitis
what is most alarming about this mri? pachygyria with schizencephaly septo - optic dysplasia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? thyroglossal duct cyst (tgd)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? talocalcaneal coalition
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? eosinophilic esophagitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebellopontine angle meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is abnormal in the x - ray? paget disease of bone
what is the primary abnormality in this image? colon adenocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? urachal remnant
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? testicular epidermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? cns prenchymal metastasis
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cranial nerve anatomy and atlas
what is most alarming about this mri? hyperdense middle cerebral artery sign
what is abnormal in the mri? gray matter heterotopia, doublecortin
what abnormality is seen in the image? rupture of cerebral abscess into the ventricular system (pyocephalus)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? benign and malignant cystic ovarian tumors.  patient a:  serous cystadenoma.  patient b:  mucinous cystadenoma.  patient c:  papillary serous cystadenocarcinoma.
what abnormality is seen in the image? talocalcaneal tarsal coalition
what is abnormal in the x - ray? left aortic arch with aberrant right subclavian artery
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrous dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? optic neuritis
what is most alarming about this mri? colloid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? adhesive capsulitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? liver hemangioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute multiple sclerosis  -  enhancing lesion with mass effect.
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what is most alarming about this mri? carpal coalition
what is the primary abnormality in this image? horseshoe kidney
what is abnormal in the ct scan? emphysematous pyelonephritis
what abnormality is seen in the image? severe diffuse axonal injury (shearing injury) of the lobar white matter, corpus callosum, and cerebellum with cortical edema
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ruptured appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? incorrect picc line placement.
what abnormality is seen in the image? gastrointestinal stromal tumor
what is abnormal in the mri? neurosarcoid, cns sarcoid
what is the primary abnormality in this image? silicone globe injection
what abnormality is seen in the image? svc duplication
what is most alarming about this x - ray? bronchial carcinoid
what is most alarming about this x - ray? lauge hansen stage iv supination - external rotation fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? intradural extramedullary meningioma.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pseudomembranous colitis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? odontoid fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypoxic/ischemic encephalopathy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? medulloblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? neurosarcoid
what is abnormal in the mri? transient osteoporosis of the hip
what abnormality is seen in the image? heterotaxia syndrome with polysplenia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pituitary macroadenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? infiltrating ductal carcinoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? chromophobe renal cell carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? epiploic appendigitis.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal angiomyolipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavernous malformation (cavernous angioma)
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain abscess (gram positive cocci)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? inflammatory pseudotumor, myofibroblastic tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? atlas fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what is most alarming about this mri? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what is most alarming about this ct scan? lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum
what is most alarming about this mri? spondylodiskitis with epidural abcess of the cervical spine
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pneumomediastinum
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? pyonephrosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? osteoid osteoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? sclerosing stromal tumors
what is abnormal in the x - ray? charcot joint
what abnormality is seen in the image? choroid plexus neoplasm, papilloma, carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? intraventricular meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? imaging in traumatic brain injury
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spinal tuberculosis/potts disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? small bowel lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteochondritis dissecans
what abnormality is seen in the image? aortic dissection
what is abnormal in the ct scan? incidental malrotation and acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this mri? hypothalamic hamartoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? multiple osteochondromatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? intracranial lipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? central neurocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cryptococcal meningoencephalitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fracture of the base of 5th metatarsal.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? duodenal duplication cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma, who grading system
what is abnormal in the angiogram? traumatic carotid - cavernous fistula
what is abnormal in the angiogram? cerebral arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? unilateral megaloencephaly, hemimegalencephaly
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lhermitte duclos
what is abnormal in the mri? absent septum pellucidum
what is abnormal in the mri? malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor (mpnst)
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? duplicated renal collecting system
what is abnormal in the mri? pleomorphic  xanthoastrocytoma, pxa
what abnormality is seen in the image? tophaceous gout
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pulmonary sequestration
what is abnormal in the mri? full - thickness rotator cuff tear
what is abnormal in the ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this mri? reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)with hemorrhage
what is abnormal in the ct scan? empyema
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? testicular seminoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? iatrogenic pneumoperitoneum
what abnormality is seen in the image? bilateral subacute (isodense) subdural hematomas
what abnormality is seen in the image? varicocele
what abnormality is seen in the image? intracranial hypotension
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal infarct
what is most alarming about this ct scan? arteriovenous malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cranial acetabular retroversion
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hematobilia (hemobilia)
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pcp pneumonia (pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia)
what abnormality is seen in the image? pituitary apoplexy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? metastatic renal cell carcinoma (1999 uniformed services seminar)
is there something wrong in the image? yes
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain abscess (gram positive cocci)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chondrosarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? necrotizing fasciitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? subclavian central venous catheter fracture and embolization
what is most alarming about this ct scan? radiofrequency ablation of osteoid osteoma
what is abnormal in the mri? cavum septi pellucidi
what abnormality is seen in the image? chance - type fracture
what is most alarming about this mammograph? gynecomastia
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? parathyroid adenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? torus (buckle) fracture
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? adenomyomatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? rectovaginal fistula
what is abnormal in the mri? hill - sachs deformity with associated bankart lesion
what is most alarming about this mri? hemangioblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? hodgkin's lymphoma
what is abnormal in the mri? central neurocytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? cryptococcal meningoencephalitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? bochdalek hernia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain, cerebral abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? peripheral vascular disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary embolism
what abnormality is seen in the image? benign metastasizing leiomyoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? percutaneous nephrostomy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hepatocellular carcinoma and bone metastasis.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is abnormal in the mri? right vertebral artery dissection, lateral medullary syndrome (wallenberg syndrome)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? femoral - popliteal graft occlusion
what abnormality is seen in the image? thymic cyst  -  benign mediastinal cysts
what abnormality is seen in the image? synovial cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? crohn’s disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lateral notch sign
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vestibular (acoustic) schwannoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aneurysm, cerebral
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dva, developmental venous anomaly, venous angioma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pneumothorax
what is the primary abnormality in this image? psoriatic arthritis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hyperdense middle cerebral artery sign
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pleural effusion
what is most alarming about this ct scan? cervical ribs
what is abnormal in the mri? carotid - cavernous  fistula
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hepatic hemangioma
what is abnormal in the mri? synovial cyst
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? ruptured ectopic pregnancy
is this a normal mri? no
what is most alarming about this mri? lobar holoprosencephaly
what is most alarming about this mri? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what is abnormal in the ct scan? medial deviation of internal carotid artery
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is abnormal in the mri? langerhans cell histiocytosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? invasive lobular carcinoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? superscan
what abnormality is seen in the image? popliteal aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? duplicated renal collecting system
what is abnormal in the mri? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what abnormality is seen in the image? sarcoidosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? scapholunate dissociation
what abnormality is seen in the image? cavum vergae
what abnormality is seen in the image? liposarcoma, myxoid liposarcoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? gastrointestinal stromal tumor (gist)
what abnormality is seen in the image? foregut cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? adamantinomatous craniopharyngioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? wilson's disease, hepatolenticular degeneration
what is most alarming about this mri? optic neuritis
what is most alarming about this mri? abscess, pyogenic
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subperiosteal orbital abscess
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibromatosis colli
what is abnormal in the x - ray? gastrointestinal stromal tumor, middle mediastinum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intestinal malrotation
what abnormality is seen in the image? rupture of cerebral abscess into the ventricular system (pyocephalus)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? inguinal hernia involving bladder
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypertensive intracerebral hemorrhage
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spine, epidural abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? pancoast tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? zenker's diverticulum
what is abnormal in the mri? colloid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? mega - cisterna magna
what abnormality is seen in the image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? active pulmonary tuberculosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? enchondroma with pathologic fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? chondrosarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary hamartoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cysticercosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? aspergillosis and the air - crescent sign
what is abnormal in the mri? toxoplasmosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? appendicitis
what is abnormal in the angiogram? pulmonary embolus
what is abnormal in the ct scan? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is abnormal in the ct scan? allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (abpa)
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? simple ureteroceles
what is most alarming about this mri? lumbar spinal stenosis
what is abnormal in the mri? epidermoid brain tumor (epidermoid inclusion cyst)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? motor vehicle accident and multiple sclerosis exacerbation
what abnormality is seen in the image? mastoiditis
what abnormality is seen in the image? thyroid acropachy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? monostotic fibrous dysplasia
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pancreatic mucinous cystadenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial venous thrombosis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? ectopic pregnancy
what abnormality is seen in the image? talocalcaneal coalition
what is the primary abnormality in this image? sequestration, intralobar bronchopulmonary
what abnormality is seen in the image? dermoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavitary squamous cell carcinoma
what is most alarming about this mri? brain abscess vs. cerebritis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dural av fistulae
what is abnormal in the mri? subdural empyema
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? testicular torsion
what abnormality is seen in the image? opll  -  ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament
what is the primary abnormality in this image? carotid body tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? dermoid cyst (cystic teratoma)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? myxoid liposarcoma, metastatic to chest wall
what abnormality is seen in the image? subependymal gray matter heterotopia
what is abnormal in the mri? bucket - handle meniscal tear
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? testicular fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? congital absence of the internal carotid artery
what is the primary abnormality in this image? percutaneous nephrostomy
what is abnormal in the mri? tuberous sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? intracranial venous anomaly or malformation ,   developmental venous anomaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? carotid body tumor
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? hirschsprung's disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adem vs. pediatric ms vs. devic (nmo)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? abdominal abscess
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? gastric trichobezoar (hairball), rapunzel syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? medial collateral ligament injuries
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute skull osteomyelitis following peri - orbital cellulitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? testicular neoplasm
what is abnormal in the mri? vestibular schwannoma ("acoustic"schwannoma)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? schwannoma, thoracic
what abnormality is seen in the image? pilocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? talocalcaneal tarsal coalition
what is abnormal in the mri? uterus didelphys with hematometrocolpos and multicystic dysplastic kidney
what is most alarming about this mri? acute bacterial meningitis
what is most alarming about this mri? fibrillary astrocytoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? congenital diaphragmatic hernia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spondylolysis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? sarcoidosis
what is most alarming about this mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this ct scan? brain death
what abnormality is seen in the image? rickets
what is the primary abnormality in this image? scimitar syndrome
what is most alarming about this mammograph? silicone granulomas
what is most alarming about this mri? focal nodular hyperplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? conal lesions: graves orbitopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? aneurysmal dilation of the vein of galen secondary to av fistulae (vein of galen aneurysm)
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? embryonal carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? sequestration, intralobar bronchopulmonary
what abnormality is seen in the image? solitary pulmonary nodule  -  calcified granuloma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pulmonary arteriovenous malformation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? choroid plexus neoplasm, papilloma, carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? malignant mesothelioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? papillary tumor of pineal region
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrous dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? agenesis of the corpus callosum
what is abnormal in the ct scan? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is most alarming about this ct scan? cardiogenic pulmonary edema – chf exacerbation secondary to new onset atrial fibrillation.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? scheuermann kyphosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? cleidocranial dysostosis/dysplasia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fibrous dysplasia
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what abnormality is seen in the image? c - spine fracture
what is abnormal in the x - ray? hiatal hernia vs thoracic aortic aneurysm in relationship to trauma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumatosis coli
what abnormality is seen in the image? ruptured ectopic pregnancy
what is most alarming about this x - ray? sacral stress (fatigue) fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? left aortic arch with aberrant right subclavian artery
what is most alarming about this ct scan? colloid cyst, neuroepithelial cyst, endodermal cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? sialadenitits
what abnormality is seen in the image? c - spine fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? metastatic disease from colonic carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? seminal vesicles
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? uterine leiomyoma (fibroid)
what is most alarming about this mri? straight sinus aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? biliary cystadenoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? calcific tendinitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? duplicated inferior vena cava
what abnormality is seen in the image? fractures of the base of the fifth metatarsal
what abnormality is seen in the image? basilar artery  aneurysm (basilar tip aneurysm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? "goalkeeper's" torus fracture of the distal radius
what is abnormal in the mri? sickle cell anemia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hepatic congestion secondary to congestive heart failure
what is abnormal in the mri? dva, developmental venous anomaly, venous angioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? odontogenic keratocyst of the mandible
what is abnormal in the mri? extraskeletal sarcoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? chronic eosinophilic pneumonia
what abnormality is seen in the image? giant tumefactive perivascular spaces
what abnormality is seen in the image? transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (tips)
what is most alarming about this mri? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? liver hemangioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? benign enlargement of the subarachnoid spaces in infants
what is abnormal in the x - ray? radial head fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? puerperal (post - partum) septic pelvic thrombophlebitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? soft - tissue uptake on bone scan
what is the primary abnormality in this image? epidural spinal hematoma
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme, gbm
what is most alarming about this mri? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spine, spinal stenosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? nontraumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spine, epidural abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? toxoplasmosis
what is abnormal in the mri? desmoplastic  medulloblastoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? spondylolisthesis, bilateral l3 pars defects
what is abnormal in the mri? neurofibromatosis type 1
what is most alarming about this ct scan? femoral pseudoaneurysms
what is the primary abnormality in this image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? subcutaneous abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? orchitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteomyelitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? sjogren's syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? epidermoid brain tumor (epidermoid inclusion cyst)
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymal neoplasms, ependymoma
what is most alarming about this mri? the patellar plica syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? neuroblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibromuscular dysplasia, renal infarct
what is most alarming about this angiogram? microcoil embolization of a lower gastrointestinal bleed
what is most alarming about this ct scan? langerhans cell histiocytosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain herniation
what is abnormal in the mri? central neurocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cisterna chyli
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple sclerosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? brain tumor and cancer protocols
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hypoxic/ischemic encephalopathy
what is abnormal in the x - ray? 5th metatarsal stress fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? gallstone ileus/incidental colon carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrous dysplasia
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral arterial dolichoectasia with acute cerebral infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ectopic pregnancy
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary embolism
what is abnormal in the mri? torch infections
what abnormality is seen in the image? early onset breast cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? plantar plate disruption
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma, radiation induced
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fronto - nasal encephalocele
what abnormality is seen in the image? left optic nerve glioma, neurofibromatosis 1 (nf1)
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? meconium plug syndrome (small left colon syndrome)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? aortic aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? septo - optic dysplasia (demorsier syndrome)
what abnormality is seen in the image? neuroblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral vascular accident
what abnormality is seen in the image? aminoaciduria
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pineal gland cyst
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pseudomembranous colitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? ependymoma
what is abnormal in the mri? lumbar spinal stenosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? congenital cytsic adenomatoid malformation of the lung
what is most alarming about this x - ray? nephrolithiasis
what is most alarming about this mri? uterus didelphys with hematometrocolpos and multicystic dysplastic kidney
what is abnormal in the ct scan? intraosseous lipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? atlantoaxial subluxation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain, cerebral abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteoma, head and neck
what is abnormal in the mri? glomus tympanicum and glomus jugulare tumors (paraganglioma)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is abnormal in the mri? adenomyosis
what is most alarming about this mri? meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hydrosalpinx
what is most alarming about this mri? disc herniation with free fragment
what abnormality is seen in the image? spermatocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? carbon monoxide poisoning
what is abnormal in the mri? simple bone cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? marfan's syndrome
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? emphysematous cholecystitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ulcerative colitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? morquio - brailsford disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intussusception
what is the primary abnormality in this image? erectile dysfunction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? spigelian hernia
what is abnormal in the mri? anaplastic oligodendroglioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pituitary, hyperprolactinemia
what abnormality is seen in the image? spontaneous osteonecrosis of the knee
what is abnormal in the mri? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what abnormality is seen in the image? carotid artery dissection
what abnormality is seen in the image? microcystic (serous) adenoma of the pancreas
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lymphomatous meningitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? duplicated renal collecting system
what is the primary abnormality in this image? avascular necrosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? spine, epidural abscess
what is abnormal in the mri? fibro osseous lesions of the face and sinuses (fibrous dysplasia)
what abnormality is seen in the image? uterine synechiae
what is abnormal in the x - ray? sequestration, intralobar bronchopulmonary
what is abnormal in the mri? pleomorphic adenoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? tophaceous gout
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteoid osteoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? pericardial effusion with tamponade
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subperiosteal orbital abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? asbestos related pleural disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? x - linked adrenoleukodystrophy
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hiatal hernia
what is most alarming about this mri? langerhans cell histiocytosis (eosiniphilic granuloma of bone)
what is most alarming about this mri? chiari i malformation
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? agenesis of the corpus callosum heterotopic subependymal grey matter
what abnormality is seen in the image? hydrocephalus secondary to intraventricular hemorrhage.  periventricular leukomalacia
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? germinal matrix hemorrhage
what is most alarming about this ct scan? oculo - auriculo - vertebral syndrome (oavs)
what is most alarming about this mri? chordoid glioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hypoxic/ischemic encephalopathy
what is abnormal in the ct scan? oculo - auriculo - vertebral syndrome (oavs)
what is abnormal in the mri? vestibular schwannoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? paradoxic embolization, patent foramen ovale, cerebral infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute pediatric osteomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? optic neuritis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aberrant right subclavian artery
what is the primary abnormality in this image? inflammatory erosive osteoarthritis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? papillary carcinoma of the thyroid
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial epidermoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? l5 - s1 extruded disk fragment
what is most alarming about this angiogram? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? aortic dissection
what is most alarming about this ct scan? transient hepatic attenuation difference
what abnormality is seen in the image? dehiscent julgular bulb
what abnormality is seen in the image? chronic fungal sinusitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? croup
what abnormality is seen in the image? recurrent shoulder dislocation/instability
what is most alarming about this mri? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute pyelonephritis
what abnormality is seen in the image? endometrioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pituitary microadenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hereditary multiple exostoses
what is abnormal in the ct scan? left aortic arch with aberrant right subclavian artery
what is most alarming about this ct scan? sagittal craniosynostosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary embolism
what abnormality is seen in the image? ewings sarcoma of the skull
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lemierre syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebral arterial dolichoectasia
what is abnormal in the mri? moya - moya
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this mri? meniscal tear
what is most alarming about this mri? glioblastoma multiforme (gbm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? herpes simplex encephalitis (hse)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? parosteal osteosarcoma
what is most alarming about this angiogram? dural  fistula, avf
what is abnormal in the x - ray? hydroxyapatite crystal deposition disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? retrocaval ureter
what is abnormal in the mri? chiari ii malformation
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? fine needle aspiration of lung lesions
what is the primary abnormality in this image? appendiceal rupture
what abnormality is seen in the image? pancreatic mass
what is abnormal in the mri? intracranial epidermoid cyst (retroclival)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish), cervical and thoracic spine fractures
what is abnormal in the mri? intramedullary (intradural - intramedullary), spinal lesions
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bucket handle meniscal tear of the knee
what is most alarming about this ct scan? appendicitis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cholangiocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? chondrosarcoma
what is abnormal in the mri? lhermitte duclos
what is the primary abnormality in this image? calyceal diverticulum
what abnormality is seen in the image? horseshoe kidney
what is abnormal in the mri? osteosarcoma
what is most alarming about this mri? hydranencephaly
what is the primary abnormality in this image? synovial cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? complete fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? dural sinus thrombosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? midgut malrotation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? dural  fistula, avf
what abnormality is seen in the image? ruptured infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? rheumatoid arthritis
what abnormality is seen in the image? diffuse midline glioma (pontine glioma h3k27m status unknown)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? leigh's disease (subacute necrotizing encephalopathy).
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypoxic/ischemic encephalopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hepatocellular carcinoma  -  radiology  -  cytology correlation
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? cholelithiasis
what is most alarming about this mri? pituitary, hyperprolactinemia
what abnormality is seen in the image? morgagni hernia (adult, incidental)
what abnormality is seen in the image? acromegaly vs. gigantism, human growth hormone
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pacemaker lead fracture
what is most alarming about this x - ray? osteochondritis dissecans
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pinch - off syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? patellar tendon rupture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? vertebra plana
what is most alarming about this angiogram? ruptured left pica aneurysm
what is abnormal in the ct scan? splenic laceration
what is most alarming about this x - ray? multiple hereditary exostosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? carotid cavernous fistula
what is most alarming about this ct scan? venous thrombosis of the vein of galen, straight sinus, and dominant left transverse venous dural sinus.
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? brain, parenchymal hemorrhage, contusion
what is most alarming about this mri? leptomeningeal sarcoid
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ewing's sarcoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? scapholunate advance collapse (slac) wrist
what abnormality is seen in the image? thoracic neuroblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? plantar fasciitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? grave's ophthalmopathy
what is abnormal in the mri? schizencephaly (open - lip and closed - lip)
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? ectopic pregnancy.
what is most alarming about this mri? multiple sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain abscess (gram positive cocci)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? giant hydronephrosis, with hydroureter secondary to large ureterolith.
what is abnormal in the mri? venous thrombosis of the vein of galen, straight sinus, and dominant left transverse venous dural sinus.
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cardiac fibroma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? preseptal cellulitis
what is most alarming about this mri? neuromyelitis optica (devic syndrome, devic's disease) diagnostic criteria
what is the primary abnormality in this image? preseptal cellulitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is abnormal in the mri? paragangliomas of the head and neck, nomenclature
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? stress fracture tarsal navicular bone
what is the primary abnormality in this image? legg - calve - perthes
what abnormality is seen in the image? portal vein embolization
what is most alarming about this x - ray? osteogenesis imperfecta
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? sonographic signs of acute cholecystitis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? comminuted fracture of medial femoral condyle. small joint effusion.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intralobar pulmonary sequestration
what is the primary abnormality in this image? walker warburg syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? shingles, varicella zoster, chicken pox
what abnormality is seen in the image? cavernous angioma
what is most alarming about this mri? arnold–chiari malformation i with syrinx
what is most alarming about this ct scan? chondroblastic osteosarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pulmonary interstitial emphysema (pie)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary thromboembolism
what is abnormal in the mri? germinoma, intracranial primary
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? emphysematous pyelonephritis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? optic nerve
what is abnormal in the mri? pituitary apoplexy
what is most alarming about this ct scan? head trauma, tbi, falls
what is most alarming about this ct scan? double aortic arch
what abnormality is seen in the image? syringomyelia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? primary lymphoma of the bladder
what is most alarming about this mri? optic nerve staphyloma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? acromioclavicular joint separation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? staghorn calculus
what is the primary abnormality in this image? aneurysm
what is most alarming about this mri? progression of low - grade glioma to high - grade glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? spiral salter - harris ii fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rickets
what is the primary abnormality in this image? central nervous system lymphoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pneumatosis intestinalis and portal venous gas
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum
what abnormality is seen in the image? annular "apple core" colonic lesion: a differential diagnosis.
what abnormality is seen in the image? cavernous angioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cephalocele
what is abnormal in the mri? low grade diffuse astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal cord astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? scapholunate advanced collapse
what is abnormal in the x - ray? gastric trichobezoar (hairball), rapunzel syndrome
what is abnormal in the x - ray? differentiating lumbar discopathy from protrusion acetabula
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cardiogenic pulmonary edema – chf exacerbation secondary to new onset atrial fibrillation.
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pyogenic hepatic abscess
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pneumatocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? crossed fused ectopia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? corpus callosum lipoma
what is most alarming about this angiogram? spinal dural arteriovenous fistula
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mca territory infarction
what is abnormal in the ct scan? inflammatory breast cancer
what is abnormal in the mri? rupture of cerebral abscess into the ventricular system (pyocephalus)
what abnormality is seen in the image? silent sinus syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastome multiforme (gbm)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brachytherapy seed embolization
what abnormality is seen in the image? renal crossed fused ectopia
what abnormality is seen in the image? compound composite odontoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pneumocystis jiroveci (p. carinii) pneumonia
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pediatric pneumonia (round pneumonia)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? marfan's syndrome resulting in aortic root dilation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid inclusion cyst
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? craniopharyngioma
what is abnormal in the mri? sturge - weber  syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what is the primary abnormality in this image? combined jefferson and hangman's fractures
what is abnormal in the mri? hunter syndrome
what is abnormal in the ct scan? horseshoe kidney
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple sclerosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? broncholithiasis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? carpal predominant rheumatoid arthritis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? agenesis of the corpus callosum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? choroid plexus papilloma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? depressed  skull  fractures
what is the primary abnormality in this image? oligodendroglioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? sturge - weber  syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neurofibromatosis type 1
what is abnormal in the mri? shingles, varicella zoster, chicken pox
what abnormality is seen in the image? alveolar proteinosis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? gastroschisis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? choanal atresia and congenital nasal airway obstruction
what abnormality is seen in the image? ependymoma cervical spinal cord
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute pancreatitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? blowout fracture of orbit
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pnematosis intestinalis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is most alarming about this mri? central neurocytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? pres  -  posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy (rpl or reversible post. encephalopathy)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain abscess (gram positive cocci)
what is most alarming about this mri? neurocytoma, central neurocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? abscess, pyogenic
what abnormality is seen in the image? ependymal neoplasms, ependymoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? ovarian torsion
what abnormality is seen in the image? grenade fragment stable in transverse foramina of the vertebrae
what is most alarming about this mri? quadrilateral space syndrome
what is most alarming about this mri? hemorrhage in basal ganglia, hypertensive, acute stroke
what is abnormal in the angiogram? gi bleeding, coil embolization
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bronchiectasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intervertebral disk herniation
what is abnormal in the mri? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what abnormality is seen in the image? invasive lobular carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
what is abnormal in the x - ray? morgagni hernia
what abnormality is seen in the image? mca territory cerebral infarction
what is most alarming about this mri? aminoaciduria
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? hemangioblastoma profile
what is the primary abnormality in this image? post - operative internal carotid artery fistula, level of ophthalmic artery.
what abnormality is seen in the image? intraventricular meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? left aortic arch with aberrant right subclavian artery
what is abnormal in the mri? ruptured meckel's cave dermoid inclusion cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lhermitte duclos
what is abnormal in the mri? intraventricular meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this mri? left optic nerve glioma, neurofibromatosis 1 (nf1)
is there something wrong in the image? yes
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebral hyperperfusion syndrome
what is abnormal in the angiogram? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? dural  fistula, avf
what is abnormal in the mri? t - 99m hdp and subacute osteomyelitis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lipoma of transverse colon
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial dermoid inclusion cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? esophageal b - cell lymphoma
what is abnormal in the mri? pelligrini - stieda lesion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intrinsic sclerotic bone dysplasia (likely osteopetrosis) with fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? intracranial lipoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? crohn's disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? nonossifying fibroma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? fibromatosis colli
what is most alarming about this mri? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what is most alarming about this mri? papillary glioneuronal tumor
what is most alarming about this ct scan? atlantoaxial instability
what abnormality is seen in the image? obstructive hydrocephalus (at level of sylvian aqueduct)
what abnormality is seen in the image? sickle cell anemia
what is most alarming about this x - ray? supracondylar fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? traumatic transient lateral patellar dislocation.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? invasive aspergillosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aortic dissection, aortic tear
what is most alarming about this mammograph? dystrophic breast calcifications
what is most alarming about this mri? cysticercosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dermoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? lumbar herniated disc
what is most alarming about this mri? mesial temporal sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? central pontine myelinolysis (cpm) (osmotic myelinolysis)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neurosarcoid, cns sarcoid
what abnormality is seen in the image? internal disc disruption
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pleuropulmonary blastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? wernicke encephalopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? pectus excavatum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? grade iii acromioclavicular joint separation
what is most alarming about this mri? retinoblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? lymphangioleiomyomatosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? enchondroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dural sinus thrombosis, blood clot
what is abnormal in the x - ray? osteochondritis dissecans and trauma
what is most alarming about this mri? meningioma, multiple
what is the primary abnormality in this image? inflammatory breast cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? proximal humerus fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? intracranial venous thrombosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? gastric volvulus (organoaxial)
what abnormality is seen in the image? aberrant pulmonary vein
what is abnormal in the ct scan? medial migration of tympanostomy tube
what is most alarming about this mri? parosteal osteogenic sarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? eagle syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? multiple sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? transitional cell carcinoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? large bowel obstruction secondary to sigmoid stricture
what is most alarming about this mri? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what is most alarming about this mri? neuroblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fatty replacement of the pancreas secondary to cystic fibrosis
what is most alarming about this mri? intracranial hypotension
what abnormality is seen in the image? balo concentric sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? abdominal aortic aneurysm (aaa)
what is abnormal in the x - ray? left lower lobe collapse
what abnormality is seen in the image? semilobar holoprosencephaly
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mondini syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? dacryocystocele, tears
what is the primary abnormality in this image? plantar fasciitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? chronic subdural hematomas
what is most alarming about this ct scan? bronchiectasis
what is most alarming about this angiogram? gi bleeding, coil embolization
what abnormality is seen in the image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is most alarming about this mri? heterotopic gray matter in the subependymal region of the lateral ventricles. (supependymal gray matter heterotopia)
what abnormality is seen in the image? pleuropulmonary blastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain abscess, central nervous system
what is the primary abnormality in this image? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? yolk sac tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? c5 - 6 extruded disk fragment on right
what abnormality is seen in the image? double aortic arch
what is abnormal in the ct scan? spinal tuberculosis/potts disease
what is most alarming about this mammograph? infiltrating ductal carcinoma of the breast
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? breast implant,  rupture, extracapsular silicone
what is abnormal in the mri? pituitary apoplexy
what is abnormal in the mri? hypothalamic glioma
what is abnormal in the mri? ranula
what abnormality is seen in the image? ureteral stone, perinephric fluid
what abnormality is seen in the image? radiation necrosis
what is most alarming about this mri? clival chordoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? radial head fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? extraventricular neurocytoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? shaken baby syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? extruded lumbar disk herniation
what abnormality is seen in the image? choroid plexus neoplasm, papilloma, carcinoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? toxic megacolon
what is most alarming about this x - ray? spiral salter - harris ii fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? disc herniation with free fragment
what abnormality is seen in the image? vestibular (acoustic) schwannoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ameloblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? ameloblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? port site hernia mimicing a spigelian hernia
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? presbyesophagus
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme (gbm, astrocytoma grade 4/iv)
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibro osseous lesions of the face and sinuses
what is most alarming about this ct scan? malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor (mpnst)
what is most alarming about this mri? enlarged subarachnoid space
what is most alarming about this x - ray? right upper lobe pneumonia.
what abnormality is seen in the image? ankylosing spondylitis
are there abnormalities in this mri? yes
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intussusception
what abnormality is seen in the image? achalasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? arachnoid granulation
what is abnormal in the mri? choanal atresia and congenital nasal airway obstruction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fingerprint artifact
what is most alarming about this ct scan? duplicated inferior vena cava
what is most alarming about this mri? schwannoma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? vesicoureteral reflux
what abnormality is seen in the image? ganglioneuroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? closed - lip schizencephaly, incidental aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? right aortic arch
what is the primary abnormality in this image? usual interstitial pneumonia
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? compound paraesophageal hernia
what is abnormal in the mri? patellar tendinosis (jumper's knee)
what abnormality is seen in the image? choroid plexus neoplasm, papilloma, carcinoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cervical nerve root avulsion
what is abnormal in the ct scan? early appendicitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pectus excavatum
what abnormality is seen in the image? crossed fused ectopia
what is most alarming about this mri? rupture of cerebral abscess into the ventricular system (pyocephalus)
what abnormality is seen in the image? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lung adenocarcinoma and cns metastasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteoma, head and neck
what is abnormal in the mri? ectopic posterior pituitary
what is abnormal in the mri? tumefactive multiple sclerosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? bone metastasis, secondary to prostate cancer.
what is abnormal in the mri? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? transitional cell carcinoma, bladder
what abnormality is seen in the image? high grade common bile duct obstruction
what abnormality is seen in the image? spondylolisthesis
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? supracondylar fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? malrotation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? primary lymphoma of bone
what is most alarming about this ct scan? adpkd  - autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
what is most alarming about this mri? nonossifying fibroma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary sequestration
what is the primary abnormality in this image? skull fracture from cell phone
what is most alarming about this ct scan? diverticulitis
what is abnormal in the mri? uterine fibroid embolization
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ovarian cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? small bowel lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
what abnormality is seen in the image? peritoneal carcinomatosis secondary to ovarian adenocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? hydranencephaly
what is abnormal in the mri? cervical nerve root avulsion
what is abnormal in the ct scan? primary cns lymphoma in aids
what abnormality is seen in the image? hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (hht) and pulmonary arteriovenous malformation (avm) -  osler - weber - rendu
what is most alarming about this mri? synovial cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? unilateral megaloencephaly, hemimegalencephaly
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fibrous dysplasia of the hip
what abnormality is seen in the image? chiari iii hindbrain malformation with large occipital encephalocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal disease in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) versus c3 glomerulonephritis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? common carotid occlusion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? situs inversus with dextrocardia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? primary lymphoma of the bladder
what is abnormal in the ct scan? epidural spinal hematoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavernous malformation (cavernous angioma)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? anaplastic astrocytoma, grade iii, grade 3
what is abnormal in the x - ray? bone metastasis, secondary to prostate cancer.
what is abnormal in the ct scan? takayasu arteritis
what is abnormal in the mri? diastematomyelia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? sturge weber syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this mri? chloroma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pulmonary septic emboli
what is abnormal in the ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? upper gi tract diverticula
what abnormality is seen in the image? sickle cell anemia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? double aortic arch
what abnormality is seen in the image? langerhans cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this mri? papillary thyroid cancer
what is the primary abnormality in this image? child abuse, timing of subdural hematoma (sdh)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? depressed  skull  fractures
what is most alarming about this mri? caudal regression syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? neuromyelitis optica (devic syndrome, devic's disease) diagnostic criteria
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? situs inversus totalis
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cerebral infarct (l mca territory)
what is most alarming about this mri? external auditory canal, ear canal, schwannoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tuberous sclerosis complex
what is most alarming about this mri? moyamoya disease
what is most alarming about this mri? severe diffuse axonal injury (shearing injury) of the lobar white matter, corpus callosum, and cerebellum with cortical edema
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spine, epidural abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? pericardial cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? arachnoid cyst associated, spontaneous subdural hematoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? epidermoid inclusion cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pilocytic astrocytoma of the posterior fossa
what is abnormal in the mri? cervical hemangioblastoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? blowout fracture of orbit.
what is most alarming about this mri? arachnoid cyst with extension through third ventricle into lateral ventricle
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lefort type 1 fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? hepatic adenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurofibromatosis - 1, nf1, nf - 1
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebellar astrocytoma (pilocytic astrocytoma)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arterial pseudoaneurysm
what is most alarming about this mri? multiple sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? renal tubular acidosis, medullary nephrocalcinosis
what is most alarming about this mri? desmoid tumor.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? anaplastic astrocytoma, grade iii, grade 3
what is most alarming about this ct scan? anticoagulation, complication, abdominal wall hematoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? classical hodgkins lymphoma, nodular sclerosis subtype
what is the primary abnormality in this image? developmental venous anomaly
what is most alarming about this x - ray? multiple hereditary exostosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? ileal diverticulosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? subarachnoid hemorrhage
what is the primary abnormality in this image? early cerebral infarction
what is most alarming about this mri? gliofibroma
what is most alarming about this mri? lipomyelomeningocele with spinal cord syrinx
what abnormality is seen in the image? traumatic transient lateral patellar dislocation.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? langerhans cell histiocytosis (eosiniphilic granuloma of bone)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what abnormality is seen in the image? talonavicular coalition / ball - and - socket ankle
what is abnormal in the mri? fibromuscular dysplasia, renal infarct
what is most alarming about this mri? dermoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? anterior cruciate ganglion
what abnormality is seen in the image? ossified posterior longitudinal ligament (opll)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? raynaud's disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? choledochal cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? angiomyolipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute multiple sclerosis  -  enhancing lesion with mass effect.
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrous dysplasia of maxilla
what is the primary abnormality in this image? mycoplasma pneumonia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? liposclerosing myxofibrous tumor of bone (lsmft)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hydronephrosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is abnormal in the mri? shaken baby syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? motor vehicle accident and multiple sclerosis exacerbation
what abnormality is seen in the image? paradoxic embolization, patent foramen ovale, cerebral infarction
what is abnormal in the ct scan? fracture dislocation at c6 - c7.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diastematomyelia
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? rule - out ectopic pregnancy
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebrospinal fluid hyperintensity on flair imaging from oxygen administration
what is most alarming about this mri? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? leigh's disease (subacute necrotizing encephalopathy).
what is most alarming about this ct scan? epidural hematoma, talk and die syndrome, lucid interval
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal osteochondroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? polymicrogyria, bilateral.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? osteitis condensans ilii (illei)
what abnormality is seen in the image? gallbladder polyp
what is the primary abnormality in this image? necrotizing pancreatitis
what is most alarming about this mri? endolymphatic sac tumor
what is most alarming about this mri? lumbar spinal stenosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? schwannoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? left aortic arch with aberrant right subclavian artery
what is the primary abnormality in this image? paraesophageal hernia, hiatus hernia
what is most alarming about this mri? scheuermann kyphosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? craniosynostosis; scaphocephaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? pineocytoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hemorrhage in basal ganglia, hypertensive, acute stroke
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous angioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? right middle lobe pneumonia
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain, parenchymal hemorrhage, contusion
what is most alarming about this mri? pigmented villonodular synovitis (pvns)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? granular cell tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? renal disease in systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) versus c3 glomerulonephritis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? bronchogenic cyst, congenital
what abnormality is seen in the image? charcot joint
what is most alarming about this mri? intracranial epidermoid cyst (retroclival)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spondylolisthesis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavernous hemangioma, intracranial, temporal lobe
what abnormality is seen in the image? sarcoidosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? chronic osteomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? spine, epidural abscess
what is abnormal in the x - ray? topic: lumbar instability: functional and anatomic
what abnormality is seen in the image? breast cancer, metastatic
what is abnormal in the ct scan? circumaortic left renal vein
what is abnormal in the angiogram? popliteal entrapment syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? nasopharyngeal carcinoma
what is most alarming about this mri? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? sarcoidosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? cholesterol granuloma of the petrous apex
what is abnormal in the ct scan? surgical storage of craniotomy fragment pending definitive management
what is most alarming about this x - ray? bronchiectasis
what abnormality is seen in the image? multiple myeloma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? hereditary multiple exostoses
what is most alarming about this mri? malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor (mpnst)
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this x - ray? sacroiliitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? nephrolithiasis  -  simultaneous uvj and upj obstruction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what is most alarming about this mri? papillary glioneuronal tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what abnormality is seen in the image? atlas fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? mr spectroscopy, neoplasm vs. radiation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? location of mucoceles
what is the primary abnormality in this image? extraventricular neurocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? toxoplasmosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is abnormal in the nuclear medicine image? fibrous dysplasia
what is most alarming about this mri? langerhans cell histiocytosis (eosiniphilic granuloma of bone)
what abnormality is seen in the image? persistent left svc
what abnormality is seen in the image? scheuermann kyphosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? celiac artery aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute myelogenous leukemia, aml
what is most alarming about this mri? diastematomyelia
what abnormality is seen in the image? cystic fibrosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? congital absence of the internal carotid artery
what is abnormal in the ct scan? esophageal b - cell lymphoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? location of mucoceles
what is abnormal in the ct scan? spinal dural arteriovenous fistula
what abnormality is seen in the image? diastematomyelia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? aortic dissection, aortic tear
what abnormality is seen in the image? autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? breast cancer, metastatic
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bronchioloalveolar cell carcinoma (bac)
what abnormality is seen in the image? central neurocytoma
what is most alarming about this mri? vestibular ('acoustic') schwannoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? traumatic aortic injury
is there something wrong in the image? yes
what abnormality is seen in the image? subependymoma, lateral ventricle
what abnormality is seen in the image? enostosis
what is most alarming about this mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial lipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? chondrosarcoma of the skull base
what is abnormal in the ct scan? horseshoe kidney
what is most alarming about this mri? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is most alarming about this mri? spine, angiolipoma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? ovarian torsion
what is most alarming about this mri? hemangioma skull base
what abnormality is seen in the image? ewing sarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? skull cap in anterior abdominal wall
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dermoid cyst, nasofrontal with remnant tract to skin surface.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? partial anomalous pulmonary venous drainage and scimitar syndrome
what is most alarming about this mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is abnormal in the ct scan? schwannoma
what is most alarming about this nuclear medicine image? chronic osteomyelitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? medulloblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? aortic pseudoaneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? microtia and atresia of the external auditory canal and middle ear stuctures
what is abnormal in the mri? abscess, pyogenic
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? adrenal rest tumor
what is abnormal in the angiogram? carotid artery dissection
what is abnormal in the mri? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what abnormality is seen in the image? vertebral hemangioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? distal clavicle osteolysis
what is abnormal in the mri? anaplastic ganglioglioma (who grade iii)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? esophageal duplication cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? gunshot wound to the chest
what is the primary abnormality in this image? orbital optic nerve meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? klippel trenaunay weber syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? os acromiale
what is abnormal in the ct scan? anastamotic pseudoaneurysm
what is most alarming about this mri? pleomorphic adenoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? vacterl syndrome
what is abnormal in the mammograph? infiltrating ductal carcinoma
what is most alarming about this mri? x - linked adrenoleukodystrophy
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pilocytic astrocytoma of the posterior fossa
what is abnormal in the ct scan? renal ectopia with horseshoe kidney
what abnormality is seen in the image? langerhans cell histiocytosis
what is abnormal in the mri? open lip schizencephaly
what is abnormal in the mri? holoprosencephaly
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? medullary sponge kidney
what is most alarming about this ct scan? amyloidosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain abscess, central nervous system
what is abnormal in the ct scan? renal injury
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pleural lipoma
what is most alarming about this mri? intracranial internal carotid artery aneurysm
what is most alarming about this mri? os acromiale.
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis (bourneville disease)
what abnormality is seen in the image? inflammatory breast carcinoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? transmesenteric hernia (internal hernia), small bowel volvulus
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous angioma with dva
what is abnormal in the ct scan? vacterl syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous angioma with dva
what is abnormal in the mri? papillary glioneuronal tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? facial nerve paralysis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fractures of the base of the fifth metatarsal
what is abnormal in the ct scan? microtia and atresia of the external auditory canal and middle ear stuctures
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meckel's diverticulum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? microcystic (serous) adenoma of the pancreas
what is most alarming about this mri? arteriovenous malformation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? paraganglioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? exophytic uterine leiomyoma
what is most alarming about this mri? ruptured meckel's cave dermoid inclusion cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? infiltrating ductal carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? renal oncocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute mesenteric ischemia
what abnormality is seen in the image? av canal mitral valve regurgitation
what abnormality is seen in the image? penetrating injury (gunshot wound) to the head and temporal bone.
what abnormality is seen in the image? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? compression ultrasound diagnosis of lower extremity deep vein thrombosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? nonspecific interstitial pneumonitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? anterior shoulder dislocation/instability
what is abnormal in the x - ray? fluoroscopic evaluation of the small bowel in crohn’s ileitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bucket - handle meniscal tear
what is abnormal in the mri? chiari iii hindbrain malformation with large occipital encephalocele
what is most alarming about this ct scan? thyroid  gland hemiagenesis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? mycotic aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebral aneurysm
what is abnormal in the ct scan? osteoma skull
what is abnormal in the mri? acetabulum, labrum tear
what is most alarming about this mri? hypothalamic glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? tumefactive multiple sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? segmental omental infarct
what is the primary abnormality in this image? mycotic aneurysm
what is abnormal in the mri? vertebra plana
what is the primary abnormality in this image? segond fracture with asssociated anterior cruciate ligament tear
what abnormality is seen in the image? papillary thyroid cancer
what is most alarming about this mri? orbital optic nerve meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? anaplastic astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pancoast tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? alpha 1 - antitrypsin (serum trypsin inhibitor) deficiency
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal cell carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? metastatic melanoma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? ureteral diverticulum
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pulmonary arteriovenous malformation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? placenta previa
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? cholelithiasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lumbar herniated disc
what is most alarming about this mri? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? synovial cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? schwannoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? ankylosing spondylitis with fracture through the t10 - 11 disc
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is most alarming about this mri? arnold - chiari malformations
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? oropharyngeal cancer
what is abnormal in the mri? dandy - walker malformation
what is abnormal in the x - ray? infantile multicentric myofibromatosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hiatal hernia
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurofibromatosis - 1, nf1, nf - 1
what is the primary abnormality in this image? duodenal atresia
what is abnormal in the mri? craniopharyngioma
what is most alarming about this mri? primary cns lymphoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pleomorphic adenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bochdalek hernia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? traumatic ruptured spleen
what abnormality is seen in the image? spontaneous intestinal perforation
what is most alarming about this mri? unicameral (simple) bone cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? holoprosencephaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? adpkd  - autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
what is most alarming about this mri? opll  -  ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament
what is the primary abnormality in this image? aortic nipple
what abnormality is seen in the image? calcific tendinitis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? posterior urethral valves
what is abnormal in the angiogram? dural av fistulae
what is abnormal in the ct scan? westermark's sign from thromboembolic disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? gastric diverticula
what abnormality is seen in the image? non - union of old scaphoid fracture with intraossous cysts
what is abnormal in the ct scan? wilms’ tumor, stage i (stage iii at biopsy) with favorable histology
what is abnormal in the mri? metastatic malignant melanoma
what is abnormal in the mri? retroperitoneal neurofibroma
what is most alarming about this mri? multiple sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hepatocellular carcinoma  -  case of a large hypoechoic hepatoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? multiple osteochondromatosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? balo concentric sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? angiomyolipoma
what is most alarming about this nuclear medicine image? biliary leak, status post laparoscopic cholecystectomy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? labyrinthine aplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? varicocele
what abnormality is seen in the image? alzheimer disease
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? achalasia
what is most alarming about this ct scan? adult medulloblastoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? esophageal b - cell lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? moyamoya disease
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral infarct
what abnormality is seen in the image? situs inversus totalis
what is abnormal in the mri? anoxic brain injury due to acute basilar artery thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? asthma and pneumomediastinum
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurofibromatosis type 1, diagnostic criteria
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? acute dural venous sinus thrombosis (dvst), secondary temporal lobe venous hemorrhagic infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cecal volvulus
what abnormality is seen in the image? cord infarct with secondary atrophy
what abnormality is seen in the image? primary sclerosing cholangitis
what is most alarming about this mri? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? toxoplasmosis
what is abnormal in the mri? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
what abnormality is seen in the image? childhood brain tumors, epidemiology, demographics
what is most alarming about this ct scan? adenocarcinoma of the esophagus
what is most alarming about this mri? tracheal stenosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hepatocellular carcinoma and bone metastasis.
what is most alarming about this mri? subependymoma, lateral ventricle
is there evidence of any abnormalities? yes
what is most alarming about this mri? oligodendroglioma, profile and who grade
what abnormality is seen in the image? longitudinal petrous (temporal bone) fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteomyelitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? sacroiliitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rosette forming glioneuronal tumor of the pineal gland
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrous dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? oropharyngeal cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pheochromocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? wernicke encephalopathy, korsakoff psychosis, and wernicke - korsakoff syndrome
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? acute cholecystitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? left aortic arch with aberrant right subclavian artery
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ollier's disease, enchondormatosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? omphalocele
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diverticulitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? nontraumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage
what abnormality is seen in the image? intussusception, adult
what abnormality is seen in the image? nonketotic hyperglycemic hemichorea hemiballismus
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? odontoma
what is abnormal in the mri? aortic coarctation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? right femoral neck fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? neuroblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? congenital cytomegalovirus infection
what abnormality is seen in the image? spine, spinal stenosis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? ovarian torsion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pseudotumor  cerebri ("benign" idiopathic intracranial hypertension)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? craniosynostosis; scaphocephaly
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute bacterial meningitis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? acute cholecystitis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? endometrioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neurocytoma, central neurocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? esophageal lipomatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? aortic pseudoaneurysm
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pediatric depressed skull fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial epidermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? vasculitis, vasculitides
what is most alarming about this ct scan? complex nasoethmoid and orbit fractures with pneumoorbita and pneumocephalus
what is the primary abnormality in this image? langerhans cell histiocytosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma, radiation induced
what is abnormal in the mri? pituitary apoplexy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? left infrarenal inferior vena cava
what abnormality is seen in the image? avulsion fracture of the anterior superior iliac spine
what is the primary abnormality in this image? common carotid occlusion
what is abnormal in the mri? brain metastasis, sources and locations
what is abnormal in the mri? pituitary macroadenoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? baastrup's sign
what is abnormal in the mri? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what abnormality is seen in the image? subcortical band heterotopia. diagnosis was confirmed with brain mri.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intravascular lymphomatosis
what is most alarming about this mri? chiari 3 malformation cervical - occipital encephalocele
what is most alarming about this mri? meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dacrocystitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? uterus didelphys with hematometrocolpos and multicystic dysplastic kidney
what is most alarming about this mri? middle interhemispheric variant of holoprosencephaly
what abnormality is seen in the image? anaplastic meningioma
what is abnormal in the mri? left medial meniscal posterior horn tear, grade 3
what is most alarming about this ct scan? duplicated inferior vena cava
what is the primary abnormality in this image? transitional cell carcinoma
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? jejunal atresia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? microtia and atresia of the external auditory canal and middle ear stuctures
what is the primary abnormality in this image? misme - too  -  neurofibromatosis type 2
what abnormality is seen in the image? renal cell carcinoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? segond fracture with asssociated anterior cruciate ligament tear
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? congenital hypoplasia of the internal carotid artery
what is abnormal in the mri? displaced bucket handle tear of the medial meniscus
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain, cerebral abscess
what is most alarming about this mri? femur stress fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? carcinoma, small cell
what is abnormal in the mri? carotid artery dissection
what is most alarming about this mri? arteriovenous malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? retinoblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hemangioma, soft - tissue
are there abnormalities in this mri? yes
what is most alarming about this ct scan? fibrous dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? cholesteatoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? traumatic ruptured spleen
what is most alarming about this mri? ossified posterior longitudinal ligament (opll)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pelligrini - stieda lesion
what is abnormal in the x - ray? simple bone cyst, pathologic fracture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rectus hematoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cephalocele
what abnormality is seen in the image? metastatic disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurofibromatosis type 1
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lesions of external auditory (ear) canal
what is most alarming about this ct scan? coarctation of the aorta
what is abnormal in the ct scan? colon cancer
what is abnormal in the mri? breast cancer, metastatic
what is the primary abnormality in this image? venous thromboembolism (vte)
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? mixed germ cell tumors of the testicle
what is most alarming about this mri? chondrosarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? parosteal osteosarcoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? rickets
what is abnormal in the ct scan? wilms tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? benign biliary stricture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cardiac tamponade
what is the primary abnormality in this image? femur, fracture, intertrochanteric
what abnormality is seen in the image? crossed fused ectopia
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? constipation
what is most alarming about this mri? dural  fistula, avf
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? holoprosencephaly
what is the primary abnormality in this image? right c6 radiculopathy and ankylosing spondylitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? radial head fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? rheumatoid arthritis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? ankylosing spondylitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary sequestration
what is abnormal in the x - ray? mallet finger
what abnormality is seen in the image? liponeurocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this x - ray? calcaneal fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? myxoid liposarcoma, metastatic to chest wall
what abnormality is seen in the image? extraventricular neurocytoma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? parathyroid adenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dural sinus thrombosis (transverse sinus)
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? aminoaciduria
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? duodenal web
what is abnormal in the mri? medulloblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? intrathoracic kidney
what is the primary abnormality in this image? medullary sponge kidney (msk)
what is abnormal in the mri? fibro osseous lesions of the face and sinuses
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bucket handle meniscal tear of the knee
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumothorax: atypical signs
what abnormality is seen in the image? right sided aortic arch
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? choledocholithiasis and biliary obstruction: a complication of sickle - cell disease.
what is abnormal in the mri? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? metatarsals
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lesions of external auditory (ear) canal
what abnormality is seen in the image? subgaleal hemorrhage
what is most alarming about this mri? glomus tumor, paraganglioma, chemodectoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? giant tumefactive perivascular spaces
what abnormality is seen in the image? cephalohematoma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? spermatocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spinal cord astrocytoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? emphysematous cholecystitis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? hepatic fatty infiltration with focal sparing
what is the primary abnormality in this image? orbital cellulitis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? carotid artery dissection
what is most alarming about this x - ray? supracondylar fracture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? splenic laceration
what is most alarming about this mri? chiari 3 malformation cervical - occipital encephalocele
what is most alarming about this ct scan? unilateral coronal synostosis
what is most alarming about this mri? wernicke encephalopathy
what is abnormal in the mri? craniopharyngioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spontaneous pneumocephalus
what abnormality is seen in the image? endometrial polyp
what is abnormal in the ct scan? orbital retrobulbar dermoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what is abnormal in the mri? left pica infarct
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this ct scan? traumatic ruptured spleen
what abnormality is seen in the image? mycotic aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? parathyroid hyperplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? calcaneal fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteochondritis dessicans of the distal femur
what abnormality is seen in the image? hodgkin's lymphoma
what is most alarming about this mri? lobar holoprosencephaly
what is most alarming about this mri? guillain - barre syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? conal lesions: graves orbitopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? malignant melanoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arteriovenous malformation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pilocytic astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? orbital venous varix, right side
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ovarian vein thrombosis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? wilms tumor
what is most alarming about this mri? neurofibromatosis - 1, nf1, nf - 1
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute bilateral subdural hematomas, convexity, interhemispheric, tentorial
what is the primary abnormality in this image? oligodendroglioma, profile and who grade
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neuroblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? orbit,  hemangioma
what is most alarming about this mri? giant tumefactive perivascular spaces
what is the primary abnormality in this image? medulloblastoma (pnet)
what is most alarming about this mri? brain metastasis, sources and locations
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial lipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain abscess (gram positive cocci)
what is most alarming about this mri? cystic meningioma, atypical
what is most alarming about this mri? retinoblastoma
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? rectovaginal fistula
what is abnormal in the mri? spinal tuberculosis/potts disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? medulloblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? subdural empyema  and epidural empyema
what is most alarming about this x - ray? scfe (slipped capital femoral epiphysis)
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? ileo - colic (ileo - cecal) intussusception
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteochondroma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibromatosis colli
what is abnormal in the x - ray? stress fracture/march fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? stroke, ischemic infarction
what is abnormal in the angiogram? peripheral vascular disease s/p atherectomy
what is most alarming about this x - ray? spondylolysis and spondylolithesis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? primary sclerosing cholangitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? asthma and pneumomediastinum
what is abnormal in the x - ray? sarcoidosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? pediatric pneumonia (round pneumonia)
what is most alarming about this mri? ganglioglioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteochondritis dissecans
what abnormality is seen in the image? subdural empyema
what is abnormal in the ct scan? asthma and pneumomediastinum
what abnormality is seen in the image? left superior vena cava
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? testicular torsion
what is most alarming about this mri? intracranial lipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? lymphangioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subependymoma, lateral ventricle
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis (lam)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? calcaneocuboid coalition
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymal neoplasms, ependymoma
what is most alarming about this mri? cryptococcal meningoencephalitis
what is most alarming about this mri? lumbosacral dysgenesis (syndrome of caudal regression).
what is abnormal in the mri? ocular  melanoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? marchiafava bignami disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? esophageal leiomyoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior cerebral artery infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? non - hodgkins lymphoma of the small bowel
what is the primary abnormality in this image? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary sarcoidosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? opll  -  ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament
what is most alarming about this mri? embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? rheumatoid arthritis
what is abnormal in the mri? osteomyelitis
what is abnormal in the mri? olfactory neuroblastoma (esthesioneuroblastoma)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? classical hodgkins lymphoma, nodular sclerosis subtype
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? chrohn's disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? avascular necrosis of the femoral head
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? cricopharyngeal achalasia
what is abnormal in the mri? transdural spinal cord herniation
what abnormality is seen in the image? osmotic myelinolysis, central pontine myelinolysis
what abnormality is seen in the image? puerperal (post - partum) septic pelvic thrombophlebitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? double aortic arch
what is most alarming about this ct scan? fibrosarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavernous malformation,  thoracic spinal cord
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what is most alarming about this ct scan? thyroid goiter
what is the primary abnormality in this image? peritoneal mesothelioma
what is most alarming about this mri? cavernoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? transitional cell carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? sickle cell disease
what is abnormal in the x - ray? esophageal foreign body  -  coin ingestion
what abnormality is seen in the image? metastatic breast cancer
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pancreatic divisum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? giant intracranial aneurysm
what is abnormal in the mri? meningeal hemangiopericytoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? incidental malrotation and acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebral arterial dolichoectasia
what is abnormal in the mri? ewing sarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? congenital diaphragmatic hernia
what is abnormal in the mri? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pediatric pneumonia (round pneumonia)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? os acromiale
what is the primary abnormality in this image? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute appendicitis with an appendicolith
what abnormality is seen in the image? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? asbestos pleural plaques
what is abnormal in the ct scan? dural sinus thrombosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? small bowel lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vasospasm, subarachnoid hemorrhage
what is most alarming about this ct scan? jugular foramen mass
what abnormality is seen in the image? para - ovarian cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? childhood brain tumors, epidemiology, demographics
what abnormality is seen in the image? colles' fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? gray matter heterotopia, focal type
what is the primary abnormality in this image? choanal atresia and congenital nasal airway obstruction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? paradoxic embolization, patent foramen ovale, cerebral infarction
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? yolk sac tumor
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? abdominoscrotal hydrocele
what abnormality is seen in the image? multiple aneurysm, cerebral
what abnormality is seen in the image? spiral salter - harris ii fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary hamartoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? sarcoidosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? basilar tip aneurysm
what is most alarming about this mri? os odontoideum
what is abnormal in the mri? retinoblastoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? fracture of the base of 5th metatarsal.
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? liver hemangioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chance fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? intracranial epidermoid tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? hydroxyapatite deposition disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? scleroderma
what abnormality is seen in the image? jefferson fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? chloroma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cleidocranial dysostosis/dysplasia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? leptomeningeal sarcoid
what is abnormal in the ct scan? celiac, abdominal aorta, & common iliac aneurysms
what is the primary abnormality in this image? mucinous degeneration of the anterior cruciate ligament
what abnormality is seen in the image? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? intraosseous lipoma
what is most alarming about this mri? intervertebral disk herniation
what is abnormal in the ct scan? nonspecific interstitial pneumonitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? complicated cholecystitis:  gangrenous cholecystitis with focal perforation and pericholecystic abscess
what is most alarming about this angiogram? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? adpkd  - autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? glomus tumor, paraganglioma, chemodectoma
what is abnormal in the mri? ewing sarcoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? renal cell carcinoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? gardner's syndrome complicated by desmoid tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? foregut cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary thromboembolism
what is abnormal in the ct scan? location of mucoceles
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dural metastases, prostate cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? myelolipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymoma
what is most alarming about this mri? ventriculus terminalis
what is abnormal in the mri? intracranial venous thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? achalasia
what is most alarming about this mri? ependymoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? ameloblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? hemangiopericytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? diastematomyelia
what abnormality is seen in the image? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarcts
what is abnormal in the mri? medulloblastoma (pnet)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? anomalous right subclavian artery (and large right cardiac fat pad)
what abnormality is seen in the image? cavernous malformation (cavernous angioma)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hyperflexion injury of the thoracic spine
what abnormality is seen in the image? hill sachs lesion
what is abnormal in the mri? anoxic brain injury due to acute basilar artery thrombosis
what is abnormal in the mri? fat embolism with cerebral infarction
what is abnormal in the mri? intravascular lymphomatosis
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme (gbm, astrocytoma grade 4/iv)
what abnormality is seen in the image? emphysematous pyelonephritis
what is most alarming about this mri? agenesis of the corpus callosum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? post - operative internal carotid artery fistula, level of ophthalmic artery.
what abnormality is seen in the image? occipital condyle fractures
what is most alarming about this mri? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what abnormality is seen in the image? intracranial hypotension
what abnormality is seen in the image? gastroschisis
what is abnormal in the mri? hemophilia
what abnormality is seen in the image? plantar plate disruption
what is the primary abnormality in this image? parathyroid adenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? wilms tumor
what is abnormal in the mri? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? cerebral arterial dolichoectasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is most alarming about this ct scan? primary lymphoma of bone
what abnormality is seen in the image? squamous cell carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? diffuse large cell lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteochondral loose body
what is abnormal in the nuclear medicine image? graves disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? stress fracture of the distal fibula
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? fibromatosis colli
what abnormality is seen in the image? orbital retrobulbar dermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? nonketotic hyperglycemic hemichorea hemiballismus
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hepatocellular carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? aberrant right subclavian artery (arsa)
what is abnormal in the mri? vertebral osteomyelitis and diskitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intraventricular meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? unicameral bone cyst with pathologic fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy, pres
what abnormality is seen in the image? dysgenesis of the corpus callosum with a lipoma
what is most alarming about this mri? acl tear
what abnormality is seen in the image? torch infections
what is the primary abnormality in this image? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is abnormal in the mri? neurosarcoid, cns sarcoid
what is abnormal in the ct scan? arteriovenous malformation (avm) with large aneurysm.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? charge synrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteosarcoma
what is most alarming about this mri? acute bacterial meningitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intraosseous lipoma of the distal femur
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? pyonephrosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? metastatic ductal carcinoma (breast)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diverticulitis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? lipoma arborescens
what is the primary abnormality in this image? colloid cyst, neuroepithelial cyst
what is most alarming about this ct scan? castleman disease
what is abnormal in the mri? endometrioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? abdominal compartment syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? nontraumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? bicornuate uterus
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavernous hemangioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? takayasu's arteritis
what is most alarming about this mri? dural sinus thrombosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spongioform encephalopathy, presumed variant creutzfeldt - jakob disease
what is most alarming about this ct scan? porcelain gallbladder
what abnormality is seen in the image? colorectal adenocarcinoma with mets to liver
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? satisfaction of search, double aortic arch with 3d reconstruction, and incidental renal cell carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? calcium hydroxyapatite crystal deposition disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? portal vein thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? pancoast tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain, cerebral abscess
what is abnormal in the ct scan? renal malignancy
what is abnormal in the mri? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what is most alarming about this mri? herpes simplex encephalitis (hse)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? oropharyngeal cancer
what is most alarming about this mri? multifocal bone infarcts (osteonecrosis) in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.
what is abnormal in the ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? left testicular mass
what abnormality is seen in the image? renal angiomyolipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? carotid artery dissection
what is most alarming about this mri? intradural and extramedullary tumors
what abnormality is seen in the image? bladder rupture
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? subchorionic hemorrhage
what is most alarming about this mri? spondylodiskitis with epidural abcess of the cervical spine
what is most alarming about this angiogram? carotid body tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? metastatic bronchogenic carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? kyphoplasty cement leak
what abnormality is seen in the image? vestibular schwannoma ("acoustic"schwannoma)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? median arcuate ligament syndrome
what is abnormal in the mri? moyamoya disease
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebral arteriovenous malformation (avm) dva pons
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? zenker's diverticulum
what abnormality is seen in the image? duodenal diverticuli
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this mri? intramuscular hemangioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? liposarcoma, myxoid liposarcoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute epidural hematoma
what is most alarming about this mri? aneurysm, cerebral
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? ectopic pregnancy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? scimitar syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? portal vein thrombosis
what is abnormal in the mri? vertebral basilar artery dissection with pontine infarct
what is most alarming about this mri? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what abnormality is seen in the image? pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland
what is most alarming about this ct scan? depressed  skull  fractures
what is the primary abnormality in this image? femoral neck stress fractures
what is most alarming about this ct scan? dentigerous cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebellar astrocytoma (pilocytic astrocytoma)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavitary lung nodule
what is most alarming about this mri? angiosarcoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? empyema
what is the primary abnormality in this image? agenesis of the corpus callosum
is this image normal? no
what abnormality is seen in the image? intradural extramedullary meningioma.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chondrosarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior cerebellar artery infarct
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute bacterial meningitis
what is abnormal in the mri? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cephalohematoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? intestinal malrotation
what is most alarming about this ct scan? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? compound composite odontoma
what is most alarming about this mri? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what abnormality is seen in the image? mesial temporal sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subclavian vein stenosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? rheumatoid arthritis
what abnormality is seen in the image? right aortic arch with aberrant left subclavian artery
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarction
what is abnormal in the mri? developmental venous anomaly (dva) and cavernous malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? porcelain gallbladder
what abnormality is seen in the image? west nile encephalitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pheochromocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? achalasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? dural sinus thrombosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lung adenocarcinoma and cns metastasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? uterine lipoleiomyoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? thoracic neuroblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? spondylolysis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymoma cervical spinal cord
what is abnormal in the mri? pontine glioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? abdominal compartment syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? persistent left superior vena cava (plsvc)
what is most alarming about this mri? herpes simplex encephalitis.
what is most alarming about this x - ray? foreign body aspiration
what is abnormal in the mri? parasellar meningioma and arachnoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? neuroblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what is most alarming about this x - ray? differentiating lumbar discopathy from protrusion acetabula
what is the primary abnormality in this image? endometrial polyp
what abnormality is seen in the image? adenomyosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? cervical spine trauma
what is most alarming about this mri? cns prenchymal metastasis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? cerebral infarct (l mca territory)
what abnormality is seen in the image? ileal atresia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? midgut malrotation
what abnormality is seen in the image? medulloblastoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? brain death (nuclear medicine)
what is abnormal in the nuclear medicine image? osteomyelitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? osteogenesis imperfecta
what is most alarming about this mri? ependymoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hepatic hemangioma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? epididymitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? desmoplastic  medulloblastoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? dermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? intradural extramedullary meningioma.
what abnormality is seen in the image? gray matter heterotopia, focal type
what abnormality is seen in the image? vein of galen malformation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tethered spinal cord with terminal spinal lipoma.
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pulmonary sequestration
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? jejunal diverticulosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? partial anomalous pulmonary venous return
what abnormality is seen in the image? fronto - nasal encephalocele
what is abnormal in the ct scan? esophageal b - cell lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? aneurysm, cerebral
what is most alarming about this mri? intracranial internal carotid artery aneurysm
what is abnormal in the ct scan? bronchiectasis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? choledocholithiasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? inflammatory breast carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? neurosarcoid, cns sarcoid
what abnormality is seen in the image? amebic meningoencephalitis
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
what abnormality is seen in the image? primary biliary cirrhosis
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? left superolateral major fissure
what abnormality is seen in the image? adrenal mass
what abnormality is seen in the image? diverticulitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? lesser trochanter avulsion fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hemiazygous and azygous continuation of the inferior vena cava
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary embolism, right heart strain
what is abnormal in the mri? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what is the primary abnormality in this image? leptomeningeal sarcoid
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymal neoplasms, ependymoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cerebral infarct (l mca territory)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? vascular ring
what is most alarming about this x - ray? ct guided lung biopsy
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibromuscular dysplasia, renal infarct
what is most alarming about this x - ray? tophaceous gout
what abnormality is seen in the image? fitz - hugh curtis syndrome
what is abnormal in the ct scan? massive pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this mri? developmental venous anomaly (dva or venous angioma)
what is most alarming about this mri? epidural spinal hematoma
what is abnormal in the mri? osteoid osteoma
what is most alarming about this mri? jugular foramen mass
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? atrial septal defect
what is most alarming about this mri? cord infarct with secondary atrophy
what is most alarming about this x - ray? stress fracture of the distal fibula
what is most alarming about this ct scan? cerebral hyperperfusion syndrome
what is abnormal in the ct scan? empyema
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aneurysm, cerebral
what is the primary abnormality in this image? situs inversus
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is abnormal in the ct scan? partial anomalous pulmonary venous return
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vestibular schwannoma
what is abnormal in the mri? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chiari ii
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chondrosarcoma of the skull base
what abnormality is seen in the image? craniopharyngioma
what is most alarming about this mri? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? ependymoma, spinal
what abnormality is seen in the image? pilocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is abnormal in the mri? guillain - barre syndrome
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
what is abnormal in the mri? choroid plexus neoplasm, papilloma, carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute epidural hematoma
what is abnormal in the mri? hypoxic/ischemic encephalopathy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arachnoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? schwannoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? oropharyngeal cancer
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dva, developmental venous anomaly, venous angioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? thymoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? hydropneumothorax
what abnormality is seen in the image? avascular necrosis of the femoral head
what is the primary abnormality in this image? swallowed foreign body
what is most alarming about this ct scan? adrenal myelolipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? post - catheterization pseudoaneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adult medulloblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? uterus didelphys with hematometrocolpos and multicystic dysplastic kidney
what is the primary abnormality in this image? necrotizing enterocolitis
what is most alarming about this mri? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? corpus callosum lipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? traumatic aortic injury
what abnormality is seen in the image? intrauterine devices
what is the primary abnormality in this image? nodular sclerosing hodgkin’s lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dehiscent julgular bulb
what is abnormal in the x - ray? lung metastasis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? radial head fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? hepatic adenoma
what is most alarming about this mri? papillary glioneuronal tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subdural hematoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? arcuate uterus
what is abnormal in the ct scan? orbital nodular fasciitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute otomastoiditis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? amyand's hernia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? fracture dislocation at c6 - c7.
what is most alarming about this nuclear medicine image? metastatic breast cancer
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? breast cancer, metastatic
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this x - ray? multiple hereditary exostosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? juvenile polyposis syndrome
what is abnormal in the ct scan? renal cell carcinoma lytic bone metastasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acromioclavicular joint separation (grade iii)
what is most alarming about this mri? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is abnormal in the mri? aortic coarctation
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? compression ultrasound diagnosis of lower extremity deep vein thrombosis
what is most alarming about this angiogram? post - operative internal carotid artery fistula, level of ophthalmic artery.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? nonossifying fibroma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? posterior urethral valve
what is most alarming about this ct scan? iatrogenic pneumoperitoneum
what is most alarming about this ct scan? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? boxer's fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? medulloblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is abnormal in the mri? pseudoarthrosis after anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (acdf)
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurocytoma, central neurocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? ovarian teratoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple osteochondromatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? retinoblastoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? histoplasmosis
what is abnormal in the mri? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarcts
what is abnormal in the ct scan? echinococcal cyst (hydatid disease) of the liver
what is abnormal in the x - ray? necrotizing enterocolitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? esophageal lipomatosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? sialadenitits
what is most alarming about this ct scan? intracranial hypotension
what abnormality is seen in the image? lobar holoprosencephaly
what is abnormal in the ct scan? squamous cell carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cysticercosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the mri? simple bone cyst
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? ruptured ectopic pregnancy
what is abnormal in the ct scan? liposclerosing myxofibrous tumor of bone (lsmft)
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal cord abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? picc complication.
what is most alarming about this mri? wernicke encephalopathy
what is abnormal in the mri? shaken baby syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? diffuse esophageal spasm
what is abnormal in the mri? lumbar nerve root avulsion
what is abnormal in the ct scan? intracranial hypotension
what is most alarming about this x - ray? wegeners granulomatosis
what is abnormal in the mri? aneurysmal bone cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? wilms’ tumor (nephroblastoma)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? brain abscess, central nervous system
what is abnormal in the mri? proptosis and orbital masses in children, optic nerve glioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hypertensive basal ganglia hemorrhage
what abnormality is seen in the image? aneurysm, cerebral
what abnormality is seen in the image? endometrioma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? trisomy 18
what is the primary abnormality in this image? post inflammatory cystic changes secondary to severe community acquired pneumonia.
what is most alarming about this x - ray? bone island
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hyperdense middle cerebral artery sign
what abnormality is seen in the image? gemistocytic astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? mrsa pneumonia complicated by empyema
what is most alarming about this ct scan? angiomyolipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? crohn's disease on pet and tc - 99m hmpao tagged wbc scanning
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hemiazygous and azygous continuation of the inferior vena cava
what is abnormal in the ct scan? optic nerve
what is the primary abnormality in this image? extramedullary hematopoiesis
what is most alarming about this mri? brain abscess (gram positive cocci)
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal cord abscess
what is most alarming about this ct scan? nontraumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage
what is most alarming about this mri? glioblastoma multiforme (gbm)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? gastric inflammatory fibroid polyp
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pulmonary embolism
what is most alarming about this x - ray? subtalar dislocation
what abnormality is seen in the image? facial nerve schwannoma
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral infarction
what abnormality is seen in the image? mixed ovarian germ cell tumor
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemorrhagic contusion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? scaphoid fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? thymic cyst  -  benign mediastinal cysts
what abnormality is seen in the image? intraventricular meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? choroid plexus papilloma
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? diffuse esophageal spasm
what is abnormal in the mri? torch infections
what is abnormal in the mri? tricholemmoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dilated (congestive) cardiomyopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? depressed  skull  fractures
what is abnormal in the x - ray? grenade fragment stable in transverse foramina of the vertebrae
what is most alarming about this mri? dermoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? ruptured aortic aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? shaken baby syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? torch infections
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? avascular necrosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? jones fracture and dancer's fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lymphoma involving breast lymph nodes
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pulmonary thromboembolism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? giant placental chorioangioma
what is abnormal in the mri? intracranial venous thrombosis
what is abnormal in the mri? schwannoma
what is abnormal in the mri? schwannoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? thyroid acropachy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? abdominal aortic aneurysm
what is abnormal in the mri? malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor (mpnst)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? duodenal lipoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hepatic artery chemoembolization
what abnormality is seen in the image? pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland
what abnormality is seen in the image? dural sinus thrombosis, transverse and sigmoid sinus
what is most alarming about this mri? oligodendroglioma, profile and who grade
what abnormality is seen in the image? gemistocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is abnormal in the ct scan? ganglioneuroma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? gallbladder polyp
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumomediastinum
what is abnormal in the x - ray? bochdalek hernia
what abnormality is seen in the image? breast hamartoma (fibroadenolipoma)
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteitis condensans ilii (illei)
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypothalamic glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? epidermoid cyst of the testis
what abnormality is seen in the image? stress fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? meningeal hemangiopericytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? anoxic (hypoxic) injury
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteoid osteoma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? hematoma, testicular
what is most alarming about this ct scan? spinal tuberculosis/potts disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? inflammatory breast carcinoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? cuneiform stress fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? progression of low - grade glioma to high - grade glioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? metastatic breast cancer
what is abnormal in the ct scan? gastrointestinal stromal tumor (gist)
what is abnormal in the mri? optic glioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? venous thrombosis of the vein of galen, straight sinus, and dominant left transverse venous dural sinus.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ganglioglioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? the wall - echo - shadow (wes) sign
what is most alarming about this ct scan? cerebral infarct (l mca territory)
what is most alarming about this mri? psoas abscess
what is most alarming about this angiogram? obstruction and isolation of the right posterior sectoral duct and its radicals from the remainder of the biliary system
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteopoikilosis sclerosing bone dysplasias
what abnormality is seen in the image? neuroblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? meningioma, radiation induced
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dnet (dysembryoplastic neuroepithelial tumor)
what is abnormal in the mri? transient patellar dislocation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebral infarct
what is most alarming about this mammograph? fat necrosis
does this image look normal? no
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? retroodontoid pseudotumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bucket handle meniscal tear of the knee
what is most alarming about this mri? cortical dysplasia: pachygyria with schizencephaly spastic cerebral palsy central hypothyroidism
what abnormality is seen in the image? clear cell chondrosarcoma
what is most alarming about this mri? periosteal chondroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fibrous dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? necrotizing enterocolitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pediatric elbow fractures
what abnormality is seen in the image? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
is the x - ray normal? yes
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute appendicitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? cord infarct with secondary atrophy
what is most alarming about this mri? pseudotumor  cerebri ("benign" idiopathic intracranial hypertension)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cirrhosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? optic gliomas in a patient with neurofibromatosis 1.
what is most alarming about this mri? fracture of the trapezium
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? deep venous thrombosis?
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? croup
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? gallbladder polyp
what is most alarming about this mri? anterior dislocation of the shoulder
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain metastasis, sources and locations
what is most alarming about this x - ray? radial head fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? tibial plateau fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? visual fields, differential diagnosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? interstitial pulmonary edema
what abnormality is seen in the image? hydropneumothorax
what is most alarming about this mri? malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor (mpnst)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ewing's sarcoma
what is most alarming about this mri? meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this ct scan? facial nerve hemangioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meniscal tear
what is abnormal in the mri? syrinx associated with chiari i malformation
what is most alarming about this mri? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is abnormal in the mri? hemorrhage in basal ganglia, hypertensive, acute stroke
does this image look normal? yes
what is abnormal in the x - ray? necrotizing enterocolitis
what is most alarming about this mri? diffuse midline glioma (pontine glioma h3k27m status unknown)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chronic osteomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrous tumor of the pleura
what is the primary abnormality in this image? crohn disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous malformation,  thoracic spinal cord
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous malformation (cavernous angioma)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? epidural spinal hematoma
what is abnormal in the mri? pilocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? quadrilateral space syndrome
what is most alarming about this x - ray? avascular necrosis of hip
what is most alarming about this mri? tuberous sclerosis complex
what is most alarming about this ct scan? dural  fistula, avf
what abnormality is seen in the image? syringomyelia
what is most alarming about this mri? atrial septal defect (asd)
what is abnormal in the mri? pituitary macroadenoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? enchondroma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cholesteatoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pineal cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? vertebral  discitis progressed to osteomyelitis
what is abnormal in the mri? childhood brain tumors, epidemiology, demographics
what is abnormal in the ct scan? angiomyolipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? sarcoidosis
what is abnormal in the mri? posterior cerebellar artery infarct
what abnormality is seen in the image? aneurysm, cerebral
what is most alarming about this mri? fronto - nasal encephalocele
what abnormality is seen in the image? chordoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? adamantinomatous craniopharyngioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? moyamoya
what is abnormal in the x - ray? rheumatoid arthritis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? choledochal cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? miliary nodular interstitial pattern (lung)
what is abnormal in the mri? pyogenic discitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibromuscular dysplasia, renal infarct
what is abnormal in the x - ray? 1. bennett's fracture 2. multiple growth arrest lines
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lumbar herniated disc
what is most alarming about this ct scan? endograft leak
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? malignant melanoma
what is most alarming about this mri? pituitary macroadenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? takayasu arteritis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute ischemic stroke, ct perfusion imaging
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diverticulitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? desmoplastic infantile ganglioglioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute appendicitis with an appendicolith
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumoperitoneum
what is abnormal in the ct scan? sporadic burkitt's lymphoma (diffuse small noncleaved cell lymphoma)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? traumatic pneumothorax
what abnormality is seen in the image? askin tumor of chest wall
what is abnormal in the ct scan? preseptal cellulitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? svc duplication
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? chiari i with cervical spine syrinx.
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the mri? craniopharyngioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pediatric pneumonia (round pneumonia)
what is abnormal in the mri? atrial septal defect
what is abnormal in the mri? radiation necrosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteochondroma
what abnormality is seen in the image? aneurysm, cerebral
what is most alarming about this mri? brain, cerebral abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? adpkd  - autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
what is abnormal in the mri? superior sagittal sinus thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? partial anomalous pulmonary venous return
what is abnormal in the mri? esophageal duplication cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? meningioma, who grading system
what abnormality is seen in the image? rupture of cerebral abscess into the ventricular system (pyocephalus)
what abnormality is seen in the image? hyperdense middle cerebral artery sign
what abnormality is seen in the image? morgagni hernia
what abnormality is seen in the image? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? developmental dysplasia of the hip
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteochondroma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? bone metastasis, secondary to prostate cancer.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? papillary carcinoma of the thyroid
what is abnormal in the mri? oropharyngeal cancer
what is most alarming about this mri? choroid plexus neoplasm, papilloma, carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? facial nerve paralysis
what is abnormal in the mri? cephalocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple sclerosis
what is most alarming about this mri? spinal cord astrocytoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? myelolipoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? eagle syndrome
what is abnormal in the x - ray? femoral pseudoaneurysms
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lumbar nerve root avulsion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pachygyria with schizencephaly
what is most alarming about this mri? intraventricular meningioma
what is most alarming about this nuclear medicine image? paget's disease
what is abnormal in the mri? sickle cell disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? orbital retrobulbar dermoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? biliary leak
what is abnormal in the mri? right vertebral artery dissection, lateral medullary syndrome (wallenberg syndrome)
what is most alarming about this mri? siliconomas:  silicone granulomas from silicone breast augmentation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? midgut malrotation
what abnormality is seen in the image? hepatic adenoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? blowout fracture of orbit
what is abnormal in the mri? meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? intravascular lymphomatosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? transposition of the great vessels
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish), cervical and thoracic spine fractures
what is abnormal in the x - ray? virilized urogenital sinus
what is abnormal in the ct scan? desmoplastic small round cell tumor
what is most alarming about this mri? macrodystrophia lipomatosa
what is abnormal in the ct scan? small bowel lymphoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? medulloblastoma with continuous spinal drop metastasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? focal nodular hyperplasia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebellar hemorrhage in the preterm infant.
what is abnormal in the mri? enchondroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? von meyenburg complex  -  multiple biliary hamartomas
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cardiogenic pulmonary edema – chf exacerbation secondary to new onset atrial fibrillation.
what abnormality is seen in the image? anaplastic astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? atrial septal defect
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pheochromocytoma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? emphysematous cholecystitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? chance - type fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? brain, cerebral abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute myocarditis
what is abnormal in the mri? cephalocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? anterior shoulder dislocation/instability
what is the primary abnormality in this image? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what is abnormal in the x - ray? avulsion fracture of the anterior superior iliac spine
what is most alarming about this x - ray? ankylosing spondylitis
what is abnormal in the mri? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute ischemic stroke, ct perfusion imaging
what is abnormal in the mri? tuberous sclerosis
what is abnormal in the mri? hypothalamic hamartoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain abscess, central nervous system
what abnormality is seen in the image? frontoethmoidal mucopyocele
what is the primary abnormality in this image? giant cell astrocytoma in tuberous sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glomus tympanicum and glomus jugulare tumors (paraganglioma)
what is abnormal in the x - ray? hydropneumothorax
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? carotid dissection
what abnormality is seen in the image? crohn's disease on pet and tc - 99m hmpao tagged wbc scanning
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteoarthritis of the hips bilaterally, secondary to slipped capital femoral epiphyses.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal cell carcinoma
what is most alarming about this mri? superior sagittal sinus thrombosis
what is most alarming about this mri? fabry disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? crohn disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? neuroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? butterfly fragment subtype of comminuted fracture.
what is most alarming about this mri? cholesterol granuloma
what is abnormal in the mri? synovial cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? brain stem astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibro osseous lesions of the face and sinuses (fibrous dysplasia)
does this image look normal? no
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple myeloma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? interstitial fibrosis, end stage (honeycomb lung)
what abnormality is seen in the image? chance - type fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? arachnoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? cerebral infarction
what is abnormal in the x - ray? chondrocalcinosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarction
are there abnormalities in this ct scan? yes
what abnormality is seen in the image? obstruction and isolation of the right posterior sectoral duct and its radicals from the remainder of the biliary system
what is most alarming about this ct scan? abdominal abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteopoikilosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? epidermoid vs. arachnoid cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? nephrolithiasis  -  kidney stones
what is most alarming about this mri? clear cell chondrosarcoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? tophaceous gout
what is the primary abnormality in this image? atelectasis
what is most alarming about this mri? chondrosarcoma of the skull base
what is abnormal in the mri? central pontine myelinolysis (cpm) (osmotic myelinolysis)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pneumatosis intestinalis and portal venous gas
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pres  -  posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy (rpl or reversible post. encephalopathy)
what is abnormal in the mri? isolated (granulomatous) angiitis (boipsy proven). if you didn't make the diagnosis, don't fret! if you said "vasculitis", you pass!
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lymphoma, cns primary, pcnsl
what abnormality is seen in the image? enchondroma
what is most alarming about this mri? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? usuhs faculty senate, education committee, 2010 - 2011
what is most alarming about this x - ray? avascular necrosis
what is most alarming about this mri? medulloblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? arteriovenous malformation
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? intrauterine devices
what is the primary abnormality in this image? freiberg's infraction
what is most alarming about this mri? cryptococcal meningoencephalitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? mycotic aneurysm
what is abnormal in the mri? pituitary apoplexy
what is abnormal in the ct scan? fracture dislocaton at thoraco - lumbar junction, resulting in spinal cord transection.
what is most alarming about this ct scan? thoracic neuroblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? endometrial polyp
what is abnormal in the mri? metastatic disease from colonic carcinoma
what is most alarming about this mri? brain abscess, central nervous system
what is abnormal in the ct scan? mature cystic teratoma
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? inflammatory breast carcinoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? complex nasoethmoid and orbit fractures with pneumoorbita and pneumocephalus
what is most alarming about this mri? chiari iii hindbrain malformation with large occipital encephalocele
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hodgkin"s lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemangioblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? retroperitoneal neoplasm
what is most alarming about this x - ray? simple bone cyst
what is most alarming about this x - ray? transscaphoid - transtriquetrial perilunate fracture dislocation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hematosalpinx
what is abnormal in the mri? sparsely granulated growth hormone adenoma
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? testicular neoplasm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subclavian steal syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme (gbm)
what abnormality is seen in the image? sarcoidosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? crossed fused ectopia
what abnormality is seen in the image? lateral pharyngeal pouches
what is abnormal in the mri? pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma
what is most alarming about this angiogram? erectile dysfunction
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibromatosis coli
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pineal, cysts
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute cerebral infarction, value of noncontrast ct
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous malformation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fat embolism, brain
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? chondrocalcinosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? nephroblastomatosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? subcapsular hematoma of liver
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute calculous cholecystitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dural  fistula, avf
what is most alarming about this x - ray? osteogenesis imperfecta
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ruptured appendicitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hematosalpinx
what is abnormal in the mri? avm of the right posterior parietal lobe
what is most alarming about this ct scan? colloid (neuroepithelial) cyst of the third ventricle
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what is abnormal in the mri? dermoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? liposarcoma, myxoid liposarcoma
what is most alarming about this mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? asbestos pleural plaques
what is abnormal in the x - ray? esophageal foreign body  -  coin ingestion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? subchorionic hemorrhage
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypoparathyroidism
what is the primary abnormality in this image? uveal melanoma
what is most alarming about this mri? vestibular schwannoma
what is most alarming about this mri? meniscal ossicle
what is most alarming about this mri? paraganglioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute myelogenous leukemia, aml
what is abnormal in the ct scan? osteomyelitis following ingestion of foreign body (watch battery)
what is abnormal in the mri? medulloblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral infarction (stroke)
what is abnormal in the x - ray? lung, stage iiib adenocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? osteomyelitis following ingestion of foreign body (watch battery)
what abnormality is seen in the image? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this angiogram? vertebral artery dissection with cerebellar infarction
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diverticulitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? anterior mediastinal teratoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? orbital lymphoma, extraconal masses
what is abnormal in the mri? multiple sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? esophageal leiomyoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? dermatomyositis
what is abnormal in the mri? epidermoid tumor
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? choroid plexus cyst
what is most alarming about this mri? adenomyosis
what is abnormal in the mammograph? silicone granulomas of the breast
what is abnormal in the x - ray? sickle cell disease
what is most alarming about this ct scan? cavernous  hemangioma and convexity meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cranial epidural abscess
what is most alarming about this x - ray? cleidocranial dysplasia
what is most alarming about this ct scan? right sided aortic arch with aberrant left subclavian artery.
what is abnormal in the mri? arachnoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? odontoid process fracture, type ii
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? gallbladder polyp
what is abnormal in the x - ray? active pulmonary tuberculosis
what is abnormal in the x - ray? spondylolisthesis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? osteolysis of distal clavicle.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? acute calculous cholecystitis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? leriche syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? aberrant right subclavian artery (arsa)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? triplane fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pneumomediastinum
what is abnormal in the ct scan? nephrolithiasis  -  kidney stones
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? megacystis microcolon intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome (mmihs)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile angiofibroma, nasal
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ameloblastoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? cocaine body packer syndrome
what is abnormal in the x - ray? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what is abnormal in the ct scan? chronic eosinophilic pneumonia
what abnormality is seen in the image? diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? anticoagulation, complication, abdominal wall hematoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? drowning, near drowning, salt water vs. fresh water
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tophaceous gout
what is the primary abnormality in this image? jejunal atresia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (hht) and pulmonary arteriovenous malformation (avm) -  osler - weber - rendu
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute appendicitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? spongioform encephalopathy, presumed variant creutzfeldt - jakob disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? carotid dissection
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fat necrosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? fibrous dysplasia
what abnormality is seen in the image? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cavernous angioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? drop metastases
what is most alarming about this ct scan? coarctation of the aorta
what is the primary abnormality in this image? aberrant right subclavian artery (arsa)
what is abnormal in the ct scan? abdominal aortic aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemiazygous and azygous continuation of the inferior vena cava
what is abnormal in the ct scan? porcelain gallbladder.  secondary gallbladder carcinoma
what is abnormal in the mri? l4 - l5 herniated disc with a sequestered fragment
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma (jpa)
what is abnormal in the mri? o’donahue’s triad
what abnormality is seen in the image? metastatic spread
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? choroid plexus papilloma
what is abnormal in the gastrointestinal image? megacystis microcolon intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome (mmihs)
what abnormality is seen in the image? intraventricular meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain abscess vs. cerebritis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? schwannoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hodgkin's lymphoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? rickets
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumothorax, anterior
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? fahr disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? duplicated renal collecting system
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumothorax
what is abnormal in the mri? vestibular (acoustic) schwannoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? moyamoya
what abnormality is seen in the image? cardiac fibroma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial hypotension
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pilocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? capillary hemangioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? heterotopic ossification
what is abnormal in the x - ray? calcific tendinitis
what is abnormal in the mri? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cranial nerves
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? gastric lymphoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? right hip pain
what is abnormal in the mri? osteoid osteoma vs stress fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? ct evaluation of acute cholecystitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? mrsa pneumonia complicated by empyema
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cerebral infarct
what abnormality is seen in the image? joubert syndrome
what is most alarming about this x - ray? pneumothorax, anterior
what abnormality is seen in the image? holt - oram syndrome
what is most alarming about this x - ray? spiral salter - harris ii fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? single gunshot wound to head
what is most alarming about this mri? dural sinus thrombosis, transverse and sigmoid sinus
what is abnormal in the ct scan? facial trauma s/p mva
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this mri? dural sinus thrombosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? renal osteodystrophy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain death
what is most alarming about this mri? hemorrhage
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rickets
what is abnormal in the mri? oligodendroglioma, profile and who grade
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? gallbladder polyp
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? posterior urethral valves
what is most alarming about this mri? balo concentric sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? unicameral (simple) bone cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? facial nerve schwannoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteochondroma
what is abnormal in the mri? cerebellopontine angle meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? kienbock disease/lunatomalacia
what is abnormal in the x - ray? multiple hereditary exostosis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? asbestos - related pleural disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? colles' fracture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? tbi, brain contusion, longitudinal temporal bone fracture.
what is abnormal in the x - ray? left atrial enlargement
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bow hunter's syndrome (vertebral artery compression)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? chronic osteomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? lemierre's - like syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? guillain - barre syndrome
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? diabetic mastopathy
what is abnormal in the mri? agenesis of the corpus callosum
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hodgkin's lymphona - an anterior mediastinal mass
what abnormality is seen in the image? pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? aortic dissection
what is abnormal in the mri? adenomyosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum
what is most alarming about this ct scan? chondrosarcoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? granular cell tumor
what is most alarming about this mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? seminoma
what is most alarming about this mri? astrocytoma, grading and subtypes
what is the primary abnormality in this image? takayasu's arteritis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? paget disease of bone
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior urethral valve
what is most alarming about this angiogram? bronchial arteriography for hemoptysis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? killian - jamieson diverticulum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? omphalocele
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? invasive lobular carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neurocysticercosis and ruptured subarachnoid aneurysm
what is the primary abnormality in this image? blowout fracture of orbit
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ewing's sarcoma
what is abnormal in the mri? enlarged subarachnoid space
what is abnormal in the mri? anterior cruciate ligament tear
what abnormality is seen in the image? subclavian steal
what is the primary abnormality in this image? blowout fracture of orbit
what abnormality is seen in the image? craniopharyngioma
what is abnormal in the mri? drop metastases
what abnormality is seen in the image? crohn disease
what is most alarming about this mri? legg - calve - perthes disease
what is most alarming about this ct scan? intracranial venous thrombosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ethylene glycol poisoning
what abnormality is seen in the image? fronto - nasal encephalocele
what is abnormal in the mri? bilateral perched facets c5 c6 with spinal cord injury
what is most alarming about this x - ray? fractures of the base of the fifth metatarsal
what is most alarming about this ct scan? diverticulitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute myelogenous leukemia (aml)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? aneurysm, cerebral
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? scfe  -  slipped capital femoral epiphysis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? 1. acute subdural hematomas (bilateral convexities, interhemispheric, tentorial leaf) 2. transtentorial herniation 3. traumatic subarachnoid hemorrhage.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? medullary sponge kidney
what is abnormal in the ct scan? subarachnoid hemorrhage
what is most alarming about this ct scan? calvarial hemangioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? circumaortic left renal vein
what is most alarming about this mri? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ependymoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? polycystic ovary syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? enchondroma
what is most alarming about this angiogram? cerebral aneurysm
what is abnormal in the mri? olfactory neuroblastoma (esthesioneuroblastoma)
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum
what is most alarming about this ct scan? colon cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? left ventricular aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? phalanx fractures
what is most alarming about this mri? tumefactive multiple sclerosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? orbital cellulitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? dural  fistula, avf
what is most alarming about this mri? progression of low - grade glioma to high - grade glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? primary pulmonary tuberculosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? orbital osteoid osteoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile pilocytic astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? epidural spinal hematoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? stress fracture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hepatic abscesses
what abnormality is seen in the image? bronchogenic carcinoma
what is most alarming about this mri? citrobacter koseri osteomyelitis/discitis
what is most alarming about this mri? adult medulloblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tethered cord due to dorsal dermal sinus
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aneurysm, cerebral
what is the primary abnormality in this image? septate uterus
what is most alarming about this ct scan? imaging in traumatic brain injury
what is most alarming about this ct scan? fibrous dysplasia
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diffuse rhabdomyosarcoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? avascular necrosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? subarachnoid hemorrhage secondary to cerebral aneurysm
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemangioblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? vestibular schwannoma
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? gastric diverticula
what is abnormal in the x - ray? calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate (cppd) crystal deposition disease
what is the primary abnormality in this image? synovial cyst
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? sarcoidosis
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? primary adenocarcinoma of small bowel
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? two vessel umbilical cord
what abnormality is seen in the image? grade iii intraventricular hemorrhage with hydrocephalus and hematocrit effect.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? dural av fistulae
is this image normal? no
what is most alarming about this pet scan? thymic neuroendocrine carcinoma (carcinoid).
what is most alarming about this ct scan? gastric trichobezoar (hairball), rapunzel syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? glomus tumor, paraganglioma, chemodectoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chondroblastic osteosarcoma
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? uip  -  usual interstitial pneumonia
what abnormality is seen in the image? cortical dysplasia, pachygyria
what is abnormal in the x - ray? croup
is there an abnormality in the mri? yes
what is the primary abnormality in this image? anterior mediastinal mass differential diagnosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? chiari ii
what abnormality is seen in the image? otosclerosis
what is most alarming about this mri? epidermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the ct scan? enlarged vestibular aqueduct syndrome ("hydrops")
what is most alarming about this x - ray? posterior ulnar dislocation with coronoid process fracture
what is most alarming about this mri? medial collateral ligament injuries
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lumbar herniated disc
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteosarcoma
what is abnormal in the mri? cuneiform stress fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? brain abscess, central nervous system
what abnormality is seen in the image? squamous cell carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? fibrillary astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? childhood brain tumors, epidemiology, demographics
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute mesenteric ischemia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what is abnormal in the mri? gemistocytic astrocytoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ectopic pregnancy
what abnormality is seen in the image? incorrect picc line placement.
what is most alarming about this mri? simple bone cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? intravascular lymphomatosis
what is most alarming about this mri? oropharyngeal cancer
what abnormality is seen in the image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is abnormal in the x - ray? pneumothorax
what is the primary abnormality in this image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? pancreatic adenocarcinoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? small bowel obstruction secondary to adhesions
what abnormality is seen in the image? thyroid nodules
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? gallbladder polyp
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? congenital pseudoarthrosis of the clavicle
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hepatic congestion secondary to congestive heart failure
what is abnormal in the mri? carotid dissection
what is abnormal in the mri? brain, cerebral abscess
what is abnormal in the ct scan? duplicated inferior vena cava
what abnormality is seen in the image? thymic cyst  -  benign mediastinal cysts
what is the primary abnormality in this image? femoral neck stress fractures
what is most alarming about this ct scan? renal abscess with subsequent ultrasound - guided drainage
what is abnormal in the x - ray? tibial stress fracture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? small bowel lymphoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? benign adrenal adenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? epidural empyema
what is most alarming about this mri? pineoblastoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? bilateral sacral fractures
what is abnormal in the mri? osteomyelitis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aberrant right subclavian artery
what is most alarming about this x - ray? posterior urethral valve
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypothalamic hamartoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? arachnoid cyst with extension through third ventricle into lateral ventricle
what is the primary abnormality in this image? osteosarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? carcinoma, small cell
what is abnormal in the x - ray? complete fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? non - pathologic age - related changes in the pa and lateral cxr
what abnormality is seen in the image? tethered spinal cord with terminal spinal lipoma
what is most alarming about this angiogram? trans - jugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt
what abnormality is seen in the image? stage i pulmonary sarcoidosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial lipoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? choanal atresia and congenital nasal airway obstruction
what is most alarming about this mri? vestibular schwannoma ("acoustic"schwannoma)
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous  hemangioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? orbital cellulitis
what is most alarming about this mri? intraventricular meningioma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? adenocarcinoma of the lung
what abnormality is seen in the image? bronchopleural fistula
what is the primary abnormality in this image? progression of low - grade glioma to high - grade glioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? developmental venous anomaly
what is abnormal in the ct scan? duplicated inferior vena cava
what abnormality is seen in the image? malrotation
what is most alarming about this mri? vein of galen malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurofibromatosis type 1, diagnostic criteria
what is abnormal in the mri? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what abnormality is seen in the image? pseudomembranous colitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? venous infarction
what is most alarming about this x - ray? fracture of left 3rd, 4th, and 5th metatarsals.
what is most alarming about this mri? multiple sclerosis
what is most alarming about this mri? peripheral neurofibroma
what is abnormal in the mri? hydrocephalus
what is abnormal in the ct scan? right aortic arch with aberrant left subclavian artery
what is most alarming about this mri? torch infections
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pulmonary arteriovenous malformation (pavm)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? histoplasmosis
what is most alarming about this mri? tornwaldt cyst
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? yes
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ct halo sign
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is most alarming about this x - ray? chondroblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? adamantinomatous craniopharyngioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? neurofibromatosis type 1
what is abnormal in the ct scan? right aortic arch with aberrant left subclavian artery
what is most alarming about this x - ray? talocalcaneal tarsal coalition
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemochromatosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, hcc
what is most alarming about this mri? basilar artery  aneurysm (basilar tip aneurysm)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? blowout fracture of orbit
what abnormality is seen in the image? langerhans cell histiocytosis
what is most alarming about this mri? choroidal fissure cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteomyelitis
what is abnormal in the mri? intracranial lipoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? appendicitis
what is abnormal in the mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? mixed germ cell testicular tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is most alarming about this mri? aneurysmal dilation of the vein of galen secondary to av fistulae (vein of galen aneurysm)
what is abnormal in the mri? optic glioma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? tibial stress fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? thoracic neuroblastoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? extramedullary - intradural arachnoid cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? silent sinus syndrome
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lobar holoprosencephaly
what is abnormal in the x - ray? elbow dislocation
what is most alarming about this mri? lobar holoprosencephaly
what is abnormal in the mri? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pneumopericardium
what abnormality is seen in the image? scapular fracture
what is abnormal in the ct scan? empyema
what abnormality is seen in the image? myxofibrosarcoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aneurysm, cerebral
what is the primary abnormality in this image? biliary cystadenoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? calcium pyrophosphate dihydrate (cppd) crystal deposition disease
what abnormality is seen in the image? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is abnormal in the mri? extraventricular neurocytoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? tbi, brain contusion, longitudinal temporal bone fracture.
what abnormality is seen in the image? tension pneumothorax
what is most alarming about this x - ray? 1. mid - substance acl tear. 2. lateral capsular avulsion consistent with segond fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (pres)
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? pilomyxoid astrocytoma (pma), who grade 2
what is most alarming about this x - ray? clay shoveler's fracture
what is abnormal in the mri? brain, cerebral abscess
what is abnormal in the ct scan? portal hypertension
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain, cerebral abscess
what abnormality is seen in the image? orbital pseudotumor
what is most alarming about this ct scan? traumatic aortic injury
what is most alarming about this x - ray? atelectasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain, cerebral abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pheochromocytoma
what is abnormal in the x - ray? vertebral osteomyelitis/discitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? uterine synechiae
what is most alarming about this ct scan? azygous lobe
what is abnormal in the angiogram? traumatic carotid - cavernous fistula
what is most alarming about this mri? holoprosencephaly, alobar
what is most alarming about this x - ray? achilles tendon rupture
what abnormality is seen in the image? fat necrosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? toxic megacolon
what is the primary abnormality in this image? wilms tumor, stage iv
what is the primary abnormality in this image? renal arteriovenous malformation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neurofibromatosis type 1, diagnostic criteria
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebral infarction
what is abnormal in the mri? hepatic hemangioma
what is abnormal in the mri? postpartum cerebral angiopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? holoprosencephaly
what is abnormal in the ct scan? postpartum cerebral angiopathy
what is abnormal in the x - ray? atelectasis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? open lip schizencephaly
what is most alarming about this mri? cryptococcus, cryptococcoma (presumed)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? hydroxyapatite crystal deposition disease
what is most alarming about this mri? colloid cyst, mr and ct characteristics
what abnormality is seen in the image? mitral regurgitation
what is most alarming about this mri? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what abnormality is seen in the image? lesions of external auditory (ear) canal
what abnormality is seen in the image? gastric diverticulum
what is most alarming about this x - ray? asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy (jeune syndrome)
what abnormality is seen in the image? rupture of proximal biceps brachii tendon long head rupture, with distal retraction
what is abnormal in the mammograph? invasive lobular carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute cholecystitis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? incompetent cervix
what abnormality is seen in the image? meningioma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? carbon monoxide poisoning
what abnormality is seen in the image? hypoplastic cervical pedicle c3 on right
what is most alarming about this mammograph? bilateral axillary lymphadenopathy
what is abnormal in the ct scan? unilteral facet dislocation with fracture c6 - c7
what abnormality is seen in the image? papillary tumor of pineal region
what is the primary abnormality in this image? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what is abnormal in the mri? acute myelogenous leukemia, aml
what is the primary abnormality in this image? gastric diverticulum
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adpkd  - autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
what is most alarming about this ct scan? hematoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? gastroschisis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? ascending thoracic aortic aneurysm
what is abnormal in the ct scan? pneumopericardium
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pediatric meningioma
what is abnormal in the mri? scheuermann kyphosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? mca territory cerebral infarction
what is the primary abnormality in this image? myositis ossificans
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cervical nerve root avulsion
what is most alarming about this ct scan? mondini deformity, incomplete partition type i.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cystic hygroma (turner's syndrome)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? port site hernia mimicing a spigelian hernia
what abnormality is seen in the image? uterine fibroid embolization
what is abnormal in the ct scan? iatrogenic pneumoperitoneum
what is abnormal in the mri? superficial siderosis of the cns meninges
what is most alarming about this ct scan? aortic nipple
what is abnormal in the mri? torch infections
what abnormality is seen in the image? arteriovenous malformation (avm)
what is most alarming about this mri? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? artificial cardiac valves
what is abnormal in the ct scan? liver hemangioma
what is abnormal in the mri? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tracheal bronchus
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastoma multiforme
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fatty replacement of the pancreas secondary to cystic fibrosis
what is most alarming about this angiogram? mycotic aneurysm
what is abnormal in the x - ray? occult stress fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? multiple osteochondromatosis
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? mixed germ cell tumors of the testicle
what is abnormal in the mri? diffuse large cell lymphoma
what is most alarming about this mri? brain abscess, central nervous system
what is abnormal in the mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what is most alarming about this mri? anoxic brain injury due to acute basilar artery thrombosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ivc filter migration
what is the primary abnormality in this image? colles' fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? nonossifying fibroma
what is most alarming about this mri? fronto - nasal encephalocele
what is abnormal in the mri? hemangioblastoma
what is most alarming about this x - ray? topic: lumbar instability: functional and anatomic
what is most alarming about this mri? radiation necrosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumopericardium
what is most alarming about this mri? metastatic malignant melanoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? congital absence of the internal carotid artery
what is abnormal in the ct scan? lisfranc fracture - dislocation
what is abnormal in the mri? intracranial dermoid inclusion cyst
what is the primary abnormality in this image? ollier's disease
what is abnormal in the ct scan? hepatic hemangioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rhabdomyolysis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (abpa)
what is most alarming about this ct scan? orbital retrobulbar dermoid cyst
what abnormality is seen in the image? zenker diverticulum
what abnormality is seen in the image? pituitary macroadenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? metastatic bronchogenic carcinoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? cranial epidural abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? brain abscess, central nervous system
what is most alarming about this mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? avm, arterio - venous malformation, vascular malformation
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intracranial hypotension
what is most alarming about this mri? ocular  melanoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? extrinsic allergic alveolitis (hypersensitivity pneumonitis)
what is abnormal in the mri? craniopharyngioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? hiatal hernia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? anoxic brain injury, anoxia
what is the primary abnormality in this image? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? pulmonary sarcoidosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute bilateral subdural hematomas, convexity, interhemispheric, tentorial
what is abnormal in the ct scan? intrathoracic kidney
what is the primary abnormality in this image? location of mucoceles
what is most alarming about this mri? arachnoid cyst
what is most alarming about this angiogram? renal angiomyolipoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? olfactory neuroblastoma (esthesioneuroblastoma)
what is most alarming about this x - ray? rickets
are there abnormalities in this x - ray? no
what is the primary abnormality in this image? neurocysticercosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? paraganglioma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rickets due to renal failure
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tetralogy of fallot
what is the primary abnormality in this image? cns trauma
what abnormality is seen in the image? esophageal lipomatosis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? esophageal duplication cyst
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? omphalocele
what is most alarming about this x - ray? triple phosphate renal calculus
what is most alarming about this ct scan? abdominal compartment syndrome
what is most alarming about this ct scan? acute appendicitis
what is most alarming about this mri? schwannoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? benign orbital calcifications
what is the primary abnormality in this image? pectus excavatum
what abnormality is seen in the image? acute myelogenous leukemia, aml
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? choledocholithiasis
what is abnormal in the mri? craniopharyngioma
what is most alarming about this mri? papillary glioneuronal tumor
what is abnormal in the mri? langerhan cell histiocytosis
what is abnormal in the mri? cavernous  hemangioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? glioblastome multiforme (gbm)
what is abnormal in the angiogram? hyperdense middle cerebral artery sign
what abnormality is seen in the image? anaplastic meningioma
what abnormality is seen in the image? galeazzi fracture
what abnormality is seen in the image? chondrosarcoma of the skull base
what is most alarming about this ct scan? conal lesions: graves orbitopathy
what abnormality is seen in the image? carotid dissection
what is the primary abnormality in this image? intravascular lymphomatosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? intraosseous lipoma
what is abnormal in the mri? sarcoidosis
what is abnormal in the mri? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
what is most alarming about this ct scan? motor vehicle accidents and instrument failure
what is abnormal in the ct scan? diverticulitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? testicular hydrocele, cyst and dilation of the rete testis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? chondroblastic osteosarcoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? lung, stage iiib adenocarcinoma
what is most alarming about this nuclear medicine image? scaphoid fracture
what is most alarming about this x - ray? multiple hereditary exostosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? quadriceps tendon tear
what is most alarming about this ultrasound? epididymitis
what is most alarming about this x - ray? triquetral fracture
what is most alarming about this ct scan? retroperitoneal neoplasm
what is abnormal in the mri? brain, cerebral abscess
is this a normal x - ray? yes
what is most alarming about this ct scan? colon cancer
what is most alarming about this ct scan? penetrating injury (gunshot wound) to the head and temporal bone.
what abnormality is seen in the image? cerebellar hemangioblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? hodgkin's lymphoma
what is abnormal in the mri? leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
what is abnormal in the mri? intramedullary (intradural - intramedullary), spinal lesions
what abnormality is seen in the image? extramedullary hematopoiesis
what is abnormal in the ultrasound? parathyroid adenoma
what is most alarming about this ct scan? residual thymus in myasthenia gravis
what is abnormal in the ct scan? wegener's granulomatosis
what is most alarming about this ct scan? neurofibromatosis type 1 (nf1), right orbital plexiform neurofibroma, sphenoid wing hypoplasia, possible optic nerve glioma.
what is the primary abnormality in this image? choledocholithiasis
what is abnormal in the mri? glioma involving tectal plate
what is the primary abnormality in this image? primary intraocular lymphoma
what is abnormal in the mri? astrocytoma, low - grade (who 2), supratentorial
what is the primary abnormality in this image? rheumatoid arthritis
what abnormality is seen in the image? hemangioma, soft - tissue
what is most alarming about this mri? complete anterior cruciate ligament tear.
what is abnormal in the ct scan? atlantoaxial instability
what abnormality is seen in the image? segmental omental infarct
what is the primary abnormality in this image? mastoiditis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? mature cystic teratoma
what is abnormal in the mri? liponeurocytoma
what is abnormal in the ct scan? c - spine fracture
what is the primary abnormality in this image? skull fracture from cell phone
what is the primary abnormality in this image? diffuse large b - cell lymphoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? atlanto - occipital disassociation
what is most alarming about this mri? osteoid osteoma
what is most alarming about this gastrointestinal image? linitis plastica (gastric cancer)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? takayasu's arteritis
what abnormality is seen in the image? colloid (mucinous)carcinoma
what is the primary abnormality in this image? fibrous dysplasia
what is abnormal in the x - ray? rickets
what abnormality is seen in the image? enchondroma
what abnormality is seen in the image? osteomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? tuberous sclerosis
what is the primary abnormality in this image? tophaceous gout
what abnormality is seen in the image? parsonage - turner syndrome
what abnormality is seen in the image? pneumothorax, with subcutaneous emphysema and pneumomediastinum
what is abnormal in the ct scan? orbital abscess with superior opthalmic vein thrombosis
what abnormality is seen in the image? spinal cord astrocytoma
what is abnormal in the mri? ependymal neoplasms, ependymoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? pituitary adenoma
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain metastasis, sources and locations
what is abnormal in the mri? papillary glioneuronal tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? atypical teratoid/rhabdoid tumor
what is the primary abnormality in this image? septic arthritis with lt hip effusion
what is the primary abnormality in this image? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (adem)
what is the primary abnormality in this image? juvenile nasopharyngeal angiofibroma
what abnormality is seen in the image? anaplastic astrocytoma, grade iii, grade 3
what is abnormal in the mri? cervical nerve root avulsion
what is most alarming about this mri? choroid plexus papilloma
what abnormality is seen in the image? brain, cerebral abscess
what is the primary abnormality in this image? adult medulloblastoma
what is most alarming about this mri? acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
what abnormality is seen in the image? pituitary apoplexy
what is the primary abnormality in this image? glioblastoma multiforme
what abnormality is seen in the image? vasculitis, vasculitides
what is most alarming about this mri? dermoid cyst
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme
what is abnormal in the mri? glioblastoma multiforme (gbm, astrocytoma grade 4/iv)
are there abnormalities in this mammograph? no
is this a normal mri? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
are there abnormalities in this ct scan? no
does this image look normal? yes
is this a normal x - ray? yes
is this image normal? yes
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? no
is this image normal? yes
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? no
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
does this image look normal? yes
is the mri normal? yes
is there an abnormality in the mri? no
is this a normal mri? yes
is the mri normal? yes
what abnormality is seen in the image? ossification of stylohyoid ligament
are there abnormalities in this gastrointestinal image? no
are there abnormalities in this gastrointestinal image? no
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is there an abnormality in the ct scan? no
is the ct scan normal? yes
is the nuclear medicine image normal? yes
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is there an abnormality in the ct scan? no
is this a normal ct scan? yes
is this a normal angiogram? yes
is this a normal angiogram? yes
does this image look normal? yes
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? no
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? no
does this image look normal? yes
are there abnormalities in this x - ray? no
is the gastrointestinal image normal? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
does this image look normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
is this a normal mri? yes
is this a normal mri? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
are there abnormalities in this ultrasound? no
is this a normal ultrasound? yes
does this image look normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? no
is this a normal x - ray? yes
is the x - ray normal? yes
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is there something wrong in the image? no
is this image normal? yes
is this image normal? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
is there something wrong in the image? no
is there an abnormality in the x - ray? no
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is the mri normal? yes
is the mri normal? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
is this a normal mri? yes
are there abnormalities in this mri? no
is the ct scan normal? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
is this a normal gastrointestinal image? yes
does this image look normal? yes
are there abnormalities in this mri? no
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is there an abnormality in the ct scan? no
is this image normal? yes
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is this a normal ultrasound? yes
does this image look normal? yes
is this image normal? yes
are there abnormalities in this x - ray? no
is the x - ray normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
is this image normal? yes
is this a normal mri? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
is this image normal? yes
does this image look normal? yes
is this image normal? yes
is there something wrong in the image? no
is there evidence of any abnormalities? no
is the ct scan normal? yes
is there an abnormality in the mri? no